Syn's POV I felt a scream tear through my throat as I ran through the woods. I tripped over a branch and bolted up, my body was begging to put on another burst of speed but it was like no matter how much I tried to force it, it wouldn't come. Branches scratched across my cheeks and I could feel scratches and welts start to form on my face. How did I end up in this fucking situation? That's a great question. No really I understand it. Everything was great just a few hours ago. I was with Paul Lahote and we were having this deep talk, one of those all nighters you pull when you first start falling for someone. Where its like you talk about everything and nothing at all. That was just a few hours ago and now I was running for my life. I had been walking out of Paul's house and I remember looking into his beautiful brown eyes and assuring him, I could make it home alone. I had wanted to walk actually. I thought a nice scenic walk on a beautiful star-filled night would be a great idea. Especially since I would just be walking for a few minuted to my damn jeep. I had parked down the road from Paul's house since technically I was being snuck in. I was wrong, I was actually so wrong that I don't understand how I'm not already dead. La Pushe is not a normal town, this is not some damn valley town, this was a place where people went missing and strange things happened and for some reason unbeknownst to anyone, especially me I decided to act like a dumb ass bimbo in one of those horror flicks. In fact I was even sporting some damn heels right now. How dumb can I be? My father did not raise some dumb ass little girl. I cut a sharp corner as I almost stumbled over one of those dreadful ass cliffs that bordered this damn time. I would not look back, I refused to look back. Looking back caused stupid bitches to trip or run into a tree. I would not do it. Hell, I'd already made my stupid fucking bed I mine as well look back. I turned seeing a blur of a figure before I could turn he was suddenly in front of me. My training had taught me how to deal with this. Okay, that was a lie I was still a novice. My father taught me many things: How to take down a werewolf, a loup-garou, hell even a damn chimera. But this pale man who stood in front of me blood lust churning in his eyes? I wasn't quiet at the point to kill a vampire. "You're quiet the lovely little girl." He said absently, as if this were normal. As if this was how he spent most of his nights and hell he probably did. He reached a cold pale finger out and tugged on a strand of strawberry blonde curl and I swallowed hard. "Your eyes are the color of emeralds." He murmured jerking a chunk of my hair and bringing it to his nose sniffing it. I felt a shiver of pure fear make its way down my spine. He released my hair shoving me back hard. My back connected with a tree and I yelped as I crumpled to the forest floor feeling incredibly small. A thousand things rushed through my head at once as I thought of how the hell I was going to pull off getting the hell out of here. He took another step toward me and I scrambled to my feet, I knew that no matter what I did not want to be on the ground when this guy made his way to me. I reached behind me and pulled a gun from the waistband of my jeans and aimed it at him. He looked amused which definitely made me feel uncomfortable. "Ohh, this little girl wants to play." He flashed a toothy smile and I took a deep breath before unloading a full clip into his forehead but each one bent or simply cracked his porcelin like skin. I threw the gun to the side and I ran forward, shocking this damn fanger with a speed that wasn't normal for just any human. I jumped up wrapping my legs around his torso and he snapped at me. I leaned back dodging his fangs of fury and grunted as I tried to snap his neck. Yep, this wasn't going to be easy. I screamed as he snapped again and I barely dodged him, and a fang snagged my hand. I turned my heart racing. I was a Hunter, I disgraced my family by running from monsters but I'd be damned if I hadn't been terrified. I still was. I still wanted to run but even though I was faster than normal humans I still wasn't as fast as a vampire. I was more versified in the strength department. I felt as he slammed my back into a tree and I grunted blood spewing from my lips. I dug my fingernails into his eyes and as he screamed I simply dug them in deeper. I felt a blinding pain in my shoulder but I kept digging until a disgusting squishing sound penetrated the night air and I headbutted him, then gave his neck a final snap and he fell to the floor his body still. I knew that didn't mean he was necessarily dead but since I was winging it, I opted for just getting the hell out of here. I wasn't even supposed to be in La Pushe. My father and I moved to Forks, a shitty little town not far from here and I was told not to be in La Pushe at night, I was actually told not to really be much of anywhere without permission but I mean there was no way he would have allowed his only daughter to go hang out with some guy at 11 at night. I really regretted breaking the rules now. I met Paul Lahote two weeks ago at a party in Forks and it was more than obvious that he was more than just a little experienced playing the game. In any event I had still decided to become friends with him, for a few reasons really. The first one was that there was this connection I felt with him I had never felt before. I could tell you the moment our eyes met, how it felt. It was like worlds colliding and slowing down all at the same time. I could tell you what he was wearing and his first words to me. I had never felt this for anyone, I didn't like emotions they were sticky and confusing. Love and romance weren't my friends and I had always preferred it that way. You can't get hurt if you're not out there. I could see my blue jeep wrangler and I smiled in relief racing towards it. I dug into my back pocket and pulled out my keys opening the door and I stepped on the gas as soon I started my car. I fucking hated La Pushe I woke up and groaned as my father leaned against my doorway a pissed look on his face. I rubbed my eyes and grumbled sitting up. I didn't even change last night I was so exhausted. I was in a looser tee-shirt then I remember wearing and I touched my shoulder gently feeling the bandages. "I called Julianna to fix you up when I saw you asleep and blood seeping from your shirt." He explained his jaw clenched. "Want to tell me what the hell happened last night, since I highly doubt you got that from this damn room." I took a deep breath and my mouth felt dry, he handed me a glass of water that he had set on my nightstand. I guzzled it down and looked up at him. "I was out last night," I began, he snorted and narrowed his eyes at me, probably about to pop something sarcastic out but I held up a hand and continued, "I ran into a vampire." I finished and my father's face paled. "Synclaire Raine Mckenna are you out of your ever loving mind?" He yelled. "You could have fucking died! What the hell were you thinking?" I opened my mouth in defense and he cut me off. "You would have been a fucking happy meal for a damn fanger you're luckily you're not dead!" I sunk lower in my bed and he pointed a finger at me in accusation. "I told you! I told you not to go out after dark without permission, hell if I could I wouldn't let you out during the day! You are a novice! A child even! You are not ready for the big dogs yet and you know it!" He screamed. I ran my fingers through my tangled strawberry blonde hair and sighed. "Dad, I know. It wasn't on purpose, I was just-" I began, but of course he was not done with his tirade. "You were just not thinking is what you were doing! You can rebel against me with many things, but this is not a joke. This is life or death! What kills me is you know how serious this is! You've seen it first hand and you're still willing to just continue on as if this is all a joke." He started into a whole other rant and I pulled the covers over my head curling up in a ball on my bed. It wasn't like I had meant for any of this to happen. I had just wanted a night with the first guy I've ever really liked. It figures this would be the outcome though. I had terrible timing and shitty luck. I laid there as my father ranted for what felt like hours until finally he stormed off mumbling under his breath. I rolled over looking for my phone and sighed when I saw it was dead. I plugged it up as I flipped on my ipod and put on a playlist jumping in my shower to wash all of the dirt and dried blood from last night off of me. Today was going to be a long day and I knew it. More than likely my father would be watching me like a hawk and I knew he didn't even realize it was a school day and I sure as hell wasn't going to remind him. I felt too sore and it was nine in the morning I already missed two hours. "I HOPE YOU'RE GETTING YOUR ASS READY FOR SCHOOL BECAUSE I EXPECT YOU THERE NO LATER THEN NINE-THIRTY OR YOU'RE GOING TO BE IN EVEN MORE TROUBLE!" I heard him call from downstairs and I felt the urge to bash my head into the wall. I knew I could bitch and whine but I also know it wouldn't change anything so I hurried, washing myself up and I got out deciding to wear a pair of ripped jeans, and a pink midriff cashmere sweater, and a tan leather jacket. I pulled on my tan leather boots and grabbed my bag. I fished around for my keys and grumbled as I walked down the steps not even bothering to say bye to my dad before slamming the door shut behind me and jumping in my jeep. The drive to school was way too short and as I made my way into my third block class I felt annoyingly self-conscious. I walked in uneasily handing my teacher my late slip and I started to make my way back to my seat when I heard Mr. Hannigans nasally voice follow me. "Well so nice of you to join us here in AP U.S History." I turned on my heel