Hello everyone! This is my first fanfiction so please be nice. I am not an English major or even close to writing good work. This is just a story that popped into my head after I woke up from a dream. HEHE! All characters belong to Stephanie Meyer, this is just my borrowing of them. My name is Isabella Swan, but all my friends call me Bella. I am 5ft 4 inches with brown hair and brown eyes, just a plain jane. Although, my friends tell me I am the girl next door. I live in Port Angeles, Washington, in a small apartment enough for myself. I have no significant other, though Jake at one point wanted that spot. Jake is my best friend. We grew up together because our fathers were best friends. Jake had a big crush on me, but I only saw him as my little brother. Don't let that fool you, Jake is 6ft 3 inches tall and towers over me. It was after college that Jake met Nessa. Vanessa Wolfe was a lovely petite girl at 5ft 7 inches with brown hair, red highlights and hazel eyes. Jake met her when he started working for Volturi's Bella E Buona Ristorante. He was still trying to push for a relationship with me at the time and loved the name. Of course, it is because of Jake that my story starts. It is just after midnight when I get the call. I was half asleep, but picked up my phone knowing what it is. "Bella! I need your help!" he says. "Calm down Jake.", I tell him. "It's time Bella and I need to go, can you please deliver this last order for me. Pleasssseeee!" "Ok, ok Jake", I reply. Nessa was due to give birth to their first child. My guess was a girl, but Jake swore it would be a boy. Nessa didn't care either way, she just wanted a healthy baby. "I'll drop it off at your place. The guy wouldn't take no for an answer. I tried to tell him we didn't deliver after midnight, but he didn't care. At least he will tip big for you Bells, maybe you can buy the baby a new gift with all that dough, since he is at the Port Angeles Marina, on a yacht", he says. "I'd do it myself if Nessa wasn't about to give birth to my son", I laugh. "You don't know it's a boy yet Jake, but ok I'll get ready and meet you at the hospital after I'm done." I told him. Jake dropped off the order and gave me the delivery address at the Marina for spot #47. Grabbing my jacket, I get into my blue 2 door Saturn. I love my girl. She has been good to me since "The Beast", took a dive. I miss my big red Chevy truck Charlie gave me, but I admit my girl is way better on gas mileage. Driving to the Marina, I know where I need to go. Rosalie, my other best friend, used to live with her dad on one. The lower numbers were the boats closest to shore and the higher were for the yachts further out. (Just a guess btw) I know Jake would jump at the chance to make this delivery even after hours because the tip would be big. It is only because of Nessa that he thought to give it to me, that and she would have his balls for dinner if he didn't show up. Me and Rosalie met in college. She was a Mechanical Engineering Major while I was an Accounting Major. You wouldn't think she would be into that type a thing. Rosalie was a blonde haired, blue eyed, goddess. She could have any man eating out of her hand. We got on together well and I had met her dad many times. Mr. Hale was a businessman. They were very wealthy, and lived in Seattle for most of the year. Mr. Hale took time off during the winter months and would move the boat to Port Angeles for a quiet setting. He was in spot #41 so it was no surprise that I would pass his boat to get where I was going. My guess is I would get about a $500-$1000 tip on this delivery. Being that I made $2500 a month, I was not going to complain about making that much in one day. I work accounting for Golden Star Bank. (Made up a name) The money was decent and I got by well enough since I took great care of my budget. I didn't go out of my way to over spend and put money in savings encase of an emergency. Arriving at the Marina within 10 minutes. I got out and headed to my destination. For the most part it was quiet, it was early Sunday morning around 12:43am. Any party goers were gone or passed out. It also helped that the Marina had a quiet time of 1am. Anyone that made noise after that would be kicked out due to the businessmen that traveled the area. They came here for the quiet instead of the hustle and bustle of the Seattle area. When I arrived at #47, I could tell a party had gone on. There was trash all over the yacht of drink cups, plates, and toppled furniture. I just shook my head and made my way onto the boat. Careful of my steps I headed inside. "Hello." I said, but got no answer. These boats are big and it could take me a little while to find someone. Moving farther in, I headed up some steps. "Hello. I'm here for your delivery.", still no answer. It seemed I would have to check the whole boat. So, moving farther, to the above deck, I didn't see anyone either. Still not sure where this person was that ordered the food I went back down towards the bow (front of boat). I found him there. He was the most stunning man I'd ever seen. He was laying down on the seat cushions seemingly passed out. He had to have been about 6ft 1 or 2 inches with bronze colored hair. I couldn't take my eyes off him. My heart beat quickened and I lost my breath just taking in the spectacular view of his face and body. He was lanky, but with a muscular build. Shaking my head at myself I needed to get down to business. Jake and Nessa would be waiting on me to get to the hospital even though I knew it would be hours before she gave birth. Looking at the receipt, the name said Mr. Cullen. Well, time to find out if I have the right person. I shook his shoulder and asked, "Excuse me, are you Mr. Cullen." At first, I didn't get a reply. He simply huffed at me and groaned. I asked again, "Sir. Are you Mr. Cullen? I have your food here." He blinked his eyes and looked at me. I gasped. He had the most gorgeous green eyes I've ever seen, if I had to guess, I'd say they were emerald in color. Asking one last time, "I'm from Volturi's, did you order food? Are you Mr. Cullen?" He replied, "Edward." Frowning, I wasn't sure if I had the right person or not because the tag did not say the name was Edward Cullen. I looked around the rest of the boat, but the man sat up and said, "Yes, I am Edward Cullen." Sighing, I was glad to know I had the right person. "Where would you like this?" I asked, as I held up the bag of food for him to see. I had to help right him when he leaned to far getting up. He moved inside the deck to a table and had a seat. I made my way around all the trash on his boat and followed him. Frowning to myself again, I would shoot anyone who treated my boat this way if I owned one. Charlie, my dad, was the town sheriff, and taught me how to use a gun properly. I guess Edward seen my look. "What?" Well, I wasn't going to beat around the bush and lie to the guy. I said, "How can you let people treat your boat like this? I would never allow anyone to come into my home and treat it like trash just because I had money to pay for someone to clean it up." He just shrugged his shoulder and told me, he didn't really care. Shaking my head at him, I said, "I would be willing to bet that they use you for your money and if people do not respect you, how can you be sure other people in your life are not also using you? I am not talking just friends you think you have, but your attorney and accountant? How do you know they are not ripping you off with your partying ways?" He seemed to think this over. I could tell he was smart, when it came to business, but with the way he partied and didn't seem to care what people think about him, that he wasn't as smart to think how it would look to others, that would also use him. He told me, "I would know, they would not do that to me. Their life would be over if they crossed me." Laughing, I said, "It is hard to be crossed if you don't care or acknowledge it might be happening." "I am an accountant myself and I bet anything that if I read your books that I would find that you are being taken advantage of." I wasn't about to tell him that I knew about his business. Cullen Marketing Inc. was a multi-billion-dollar firm. They had their hands in everything from internet, homes, and cars. Edward Cullen was a partier and spent large amounts of money on anything. I knew in my heart that people that rich didn't even blink at the amount of money they spent and wouldn't think that with them being so wealthy and powerful that someone would try to take advantage of that. Edward seemed to think to himself and looked at me and said one word, "Ok." Not sure what he mint by that I asked him again. He said, "Ok, I'll bet you. I will show you my books and if someone is crossing me I'll pay you triple what I pay my accountant." Gasping for breath I replied stupidly, "What?" He calmly said, "I will pay you to check over my books and see if anyone is crossing me and will pay you. I do not like the thought that because I have been thoughtless that someone would be willing to try to get away with this. I am rich enough to know that people use others for money to get ahead in life. I am a good businessman and willing to pay someone if they have earned it, but not if they haven't." I thought to myself, this is crazy, and possibly the dream of a lifetime. I knew that his accountant had to be "in the money" when it came to the Cullen investments. I could possibly put money down on my own home with this. Jake was going to be so pissed that this tip was almost a new job offer as well. I replied, "Ok. However, it will take a while to go through it all. But, if you have something I could look at now and get an idea if you are being crossed to begin with, is a start." He got up and moved a panel to a television. He grabbed a wireless mouse and keyboard and brought it back to the table. He moved the mouse and the screen popped up and he went into the internet settings.