AU: I'm extremely corny and cliché but I love it. That is all. Chapter one It started the summer of 2009, I swallowed hard even though my throat was dry and my chest felt like it would collapse any minute. Maybe it was the weather, or football practice had worked me too hard I had tried to convince myself, although, I knew the real reason was because what I was about to do was irrational and would have magnitude on where my life would go from here. I had thought about this for a long time and was prepared as anyone could be. I had to do this, I needed this. I hated myself. And I hated that I hated myself even more. I was a privileged kid living in a mansion with Peter and Katherine; my parents. I attend a prestigious private high school and am a star player in almost all the athletic teams at my school. It's not like I didn't have any friends, and I certainly have no problem getting a girl into bed with me. But that was the issue. My life is a series of phony friends, parents, and one night stands. The only release I found from hating myself was alcohol and drugs. My favorite drug of choice was cocaine and it was all but consuming me. Not that any of my friends noticed or cared, I'm sure they were burden with their own problems of being raised as a rich socialite's kid, just like me. My knee's buckled as I looked up the stairs. I took a deep breath as I searched my right pocket for my ticket before realizing I had been scrunching it in my other hand for quite some time. I took a deep breath and held it in for as long as possible, as I smoothed my ticket out I forced my legs to move up the stairs; where I showed my ticket to the man in uniform. My carry-on bags felt heavier than before I thought as my chest felt a great amount of pressure. I was on this bus and there was no going back. My mind was a jumble I only remember seeing black as I attempted to look for a seat. I made my way down the aisle to the open seat next to a girl with long black shiny hair. As I sat down I found myself unable to peel my eyes off her, she looked so small and fragile, as well as, outstandingly beautiful. Being completely oblivious of my ostensible admiration while reading a book and listening to music on her iPhone I tore my eyes away; thinking how creepy I was. The bus began to move, her head bobbed up from her book as she pulled one headphone of out of her ear she looked at me surprised and smiled showing her brilliantly almost-too-white-they-glowed teeth. Abruptly she brought her hands up to her mouth gasping a little to herself, before she relaxed and began to chuckle at some sort of private joke. I then thought she might be insane… or something was on my face. I smiled back unnervingly. She caught my edginess and took a breath before speaking, "I'm sorry, you must think I'm insane." she laughed a little again, "I've been whitening my teeth for the past few weeks but I fell asleep with the strips on the other night so now they're un-naturally white…My teeth literally glowed last week!" she explained looking slightly embarrassed as her cheeks blushed pink. "Anyways, my names Alice and I'm obviously exceptional at introductions" she smiled facetiously holding out a small hand towards me. I laughed a little as I engulfed her hand in my own and shook it gently, "I'm Jasper and your teeth look awesome, I barely noticed" I pleasantly lied. She laughed as she pulled her hand away resting it on the open pages of her book, "so what stop are you getting off at?" she asked, I watched her cross her petite legs gracefully as she turned to face me. "I was thinking Agoura Hills" I said shrugging "what about you?" I asked. She ignored my question, "what do you mean you were 'thinking'?" she asked inquisitively "are you going on a road trip?" she whispered oddly staring at me deeply excited. I smiled mysteriously, "something like that." At that remark her eyes lit up with interest and locked with mine. She didn't speak and either did I. We just stared at each other. She had dark thick straight black shiny hair that fell loosely over her shoulders past her chest, her lips were full a neutral shade that blended with her tanned complexion the colour of honey. She was the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. My mind began to swim as I took in the depth of her blue eyes. I pulled myself together and cleared my throat breaking the moment of staring at each other in silence like weirdoes. Finally Alice stunned me with her dazzling smile, "that's interesting." She paused, "How old are you?" she asked as her eyes began to size me up. "I just turned seventeen what about you?" I asked. "You're only seventeen, really?" She almost cooed and her eyes glowed as she looked at me. I wasn't surprised by her reaction I looked a lot older than I really was. Physically, I looked about 22. And unlike her everything about me was enlarged. I was tall around 6'2 with a decent build for my age. I have golden messy hair I often slick back and green eyes. It didn't help that my family was extremely wealthy and I could afford nice clothes. "Yeah" I laughed, "how old are you?" I repeated. She was so small but she looked oddly older because of her facial features and extreme allurement. "I'm sixteen but I turn seventeen in a couple weeks" she smiled excited. "Congrats that's sick. So where are you going?" I repeated another question she previously ignored. She pursed her lips as if thinking of telling me something, "my parents are shipping me to my grandparents for the summer. Apparently they can't handle me" She looked bitter as her eyes turned hard. "You seem amazing to me so far" I seeped out before I could catch myself. I suddenly felt a rush of guiltiness because I was running away from my life on my own terms, but she was forced away. Alice's eyes beamed for a moment, "thank you" she mumbled before flipping the pages of her book and uncrossing her legs facing the seat in front of her. I decided not to say anything else as I began to wonder if I regretted my decision. Although, I knew the answer was that I didn't. I wanted this summer time to clear my head and get away from everything. Thinking about my parents and friends brought the pressure back into my chest. I was hot and sweating it hurt to breathe my lungs felt like they would explode and my legs felt like they would give in any second. But I had to keep running for my team. I couldn't let them down. I ran down the field fast holding on to the ball as tightly as I could dodging my opponents and watching as my teammates tackled them inches from me. I was in the end zone all I had to do was cross it and I'd be in the goal line scoring a touchdown. I forced my legs faster until I was in the goal line; as I threw the ball down I sighed a huge relief realizing I had been holding my breath. My team cheered with the crowds roaring applause. After the game was over we hit the showers. I stayed in the shower longer than the rest of my teammates soaking in the hot water on my muscles; wishing I was somewhere else. Our coach Mr. Nagy came in cheering, "We're going to the finals boys!" he shrieked enthusiastically as we all cheered, my best friend Jake smacked my bare ass with his towel. When we all calmed down as much as was normal for us Nagy came up to me and spoke quieter looking serious "Jasper, great last run kid, but, don't think I didn't see you fumble third quarter. We can't afford you pulling that in the finals" he spoke quietly with his hand on my shoulder. I looked him directly in the eyes, "sorry coach it won't happen again... I promise." I wanted nothing more than tell him to eat shit. I knew he never felt the pressure of being a front-runner for any team. My father made it clear with non-stop complaining about how much money he invested into New Roads, the private school I attended to be taught by a dud. Nagy nodded seriously, "I know how hard you work and I'm proud of you. Don't give up. With you we have good odds of winning the finals, understood?" I almost grimaced but caught myself I smirked accordingly "c'mon coach you're making me blush." We both laughed and he turned around to yell at Jake to put some pants on. Later on, the team went out to a private club for drinks and celebration. As we all sat around small accented tables on leather couches and chairs under expensive dimming light fixtures, I chugged my beer beckoning the waitress for another. My buddy Sheldon raised his beer before speaking above the guys, "so Jasper you finally hook up with that little fox Nicole?" he asked. I winked deviously smiling smugly at Sheldon, "yeah man at Jordan's party, but I think she should come to practice with us, cause all she did was squirm" I raised my beer back at Sheldon as he laughed "Or maybe she can just get tips from Alexis cause she was mind blowing" I embellished. One of the guys on my team, Mark pulled out a bag of cocaine sprinkling it on the table and began crushing it up with a hundred dollar bill and his credit card, "Two girls in one night man, this line is for you, Hollywood." He said straightening out six thick lines of cocaine the sixth being the thickest for me. "Hell yeah!" I cheered before grabbing a previously rolled bill and snorting the entire line. Mark and some of the other guys followed suit before we all clicked beers and drank to my ability to have sex with two girls in one night. I let the numbness of the cocaine sink into my lips as I rubbed some on my teeth and gums. I needed to numb away the feeling of disgust for myself and my actions. I wanted to forget who I was tonight, and every other night for that matter. So I snorted enough cocaine for three guys and drank till I forgot my name. I was pulled away from my thoughts as Alice closed her book loudly and grunted dropping carelessly in her open purse. She had a scrutinizing expression on her face as she scolded the book. I looked over at the book it was called "Accident". "Is there something wrong with that book?" I asked curious, trying to hide my smile she looked adorably pouty. She sighed grimacing at the book, "Actually yes there is" the corners of her lips began to turn up into a smile. "And what exactly is so terrible about it" I prompted. She took a deep breath before speaking fast, "Page's husband Brad is a cheating asshole while their daughter is in a coma nearly dying because of a car crash and all Brad cares about is screwing some twenty-six year old art student he teaches." she sighed. "That dose sound pretty bad..." I almost mumbled shocked by her intensity with the book wondering how disgusted she would be with me if she knew the things I had done; who I really