This is my entry in the "Fic This Gif" contest, and big love goes to Jada Pattinson, all of the judges, everyone who wrote, and everyone who read, reviewed and voted. Thank you, so much. And to HappyMelt and Domysticated who encouraged me when I swore I didn't have time to do this, and then babysat me through it, thank you doesn't begin to say what I feel. (Oh, and all the disclaimers. All of that stuff. Not mine. But still sorta mine.) The first time I saw Bella Swan, she was on the kitchen floor at her parents' house. I heard laughter and the sounds of kids running, then loud footsteps up the stairs and onto the porch. She froze in the doorway when she saw me, and her brother barreled into her from behind. Actually, the first time I saw Bella Swan was in a picture on her sister's desk at school. I thought she was a boy. But on her hands and knees in front of me, cheeks flushed with embarrassment, she definitely did not look like a boy. A little kid stepped over her and dropped his backpack in the center of the room. "You lose!" he said in a high, triumphant voice. She picked herself up and ran out of the room. Rose said, "Real mature, Mikey," then went to check on her sister. He mimicked her silently behind her back, then proceeded to the fridge and opened the door. After a minute he closed it, waited a few seconds, then opened it again. Peering inside, he said, "Here's what I do. First, I see what there is. Then I close it, lower my expectations, and try again." He took out an apple and leveled a look at me. "Edward Cullen," I said and offered him my hand, trying not to laugh. He looked like Rose. Blond. All-American. Snotty. His grip was surprisingly firm for a twelve-year old. "Michael Higginbotham Swan. But my friends call me MC Malice." Fifteen minutes later, Bella stormed back through the room. Rose followed right behind, yelling, "Where are you going? Mom said I'm in charge of you!" She was as worked up as I'd ever seen her. Bella flipped her off on the way out the door. I couldn't help but notice the curve of her ass as she passed. Rose turned to me and blew her nose into a tissue. "I think I need to lie down," she said. From the minute we left campus, I knew something was up. The air between us was tight. Not in a good way. Not like when you both knew what's going down but have to wait — going through the motions of what's got to be done, letting the tension build. Each gesture, every touch, filled with expectation. My push. Her pull. This wasn't that. This was supposed to be the weekend. Finally. Three days and two nights alone at her parents' house while they got their cabin ready for ski season. Her little brother and sister would be home, but she'd said they'd be no problem, that they were so overscheduled we'd never see them. We got in the car. She buckled up and checked the tension of the seat belt. "Safety never takes a vacation," I said. "You're funny," she said absently and checked her phone for messages. Rose looked great. She always looked great. Even when I managed to get her alone — hardly a hair out of place. She was perma-press. The situation seemed to call for me to say something dirty, something to get the ball rolling, but I couldn't come up with anything that didn't sound lame or just plain foul. "Are you excited?" I managed to get out. She looked up at me. Her blue eyes were round, her mind miles away. After a second she smiled, apparently having decided the situation required it. "I haven't been home since the summer. It'll be nice to see everyone." "That's not what I... never mind." I wondered who 'everyone' was. I didn't think we were going to see anyone. She started texting. I started driving. I told myself it was just a car ride. No big deal. Except I'd imagined it filled with innuendo. Flirting on the way. Getting settled at her parents' house, followed by a weekend of non-stop sex. She found a napkin in the glove box and blew her nose, then pulled the lever and lay back in her seat. Her tits jiggled every time I hit a bump. For the millionth time, I imagined what it would like to see her naked, to make her lose control. These thoughts had the intended effect on my body, but something was off. I downshifted to speed up and pass the car in front of me, concentrating hard on the road. "Careful," she said. Nothing about this weekend looked good anymore. Rose decided she had the flu and put herself to bed, surrounded by more stuffed animals than I'd ever seen in one place. Before she'd passed out, she'd refused my offer to rub Vick's on her chest. Her brother was hanging around, anyway, even if she had been willing. So much for time alone. Mikey and I were watching The Wire — actually, I was watching, and he was talking — but I was taking a break in the kitchen to shut off his constant chatter. "Money be green," he was saying over and over again in the next room. Through the window, I noticed Bella sitting on the steps of the porch. I kept an eye on her, thinking she would come in, but she just sat there, her shoulders hunched. It didn't look good. I couldn't take it after a while and decided to check on her. I didn't turn the porch light on, in case she was crying. The sky was black, but the moon was full. I could see her face. There was definitely a family resemblance. I sat down next to her. She had the same round cheeks and dark brows as Rose, and her mouth was full and pink in a way I was familiar with, but Bella was different. I guessed it was her coloring and the fact that her hair was messed up. Like she didn't give a shit. We sat quietly, looking at the stars, not really acknowledging each other. I felt a pull toward her but thought I should let her take the lead, and after a few minutes she shifted her body to face me. "Can I ask you a question?" she said. "Sure." "Are my boobs too small?" My brain slanted. "Excuse me?" "My boobs. Do you think they're too small?" I hadn't had a chance to check them out — not that I should have, but I would have. There was only one possible answer anyway, not that I intended to give it. My peer counseling training kicked in. This was a gender-neutral situation. The question she was asking was indicative of something deeper. She was looking for support. I needed to show that I was trustworthy. I needed to keep eye contact, which was very hard considering what she was asking. I willed myself not to look. I remembered to ask open-ended questions and scrambled to put one together. "What... what... happened tonight to make you question yourself?" "That's a yes." "That's not anything. You seem upset and —" "Just answer the question." I hadn't said one word to this girl in the few hours I'd been here, but I took a very quick look at the general area of her chest. "You're fine. Good." "I know, right?" She put her hands on the top of her tits, gave a little squeeze, and pushed them together. They were actually a whole lot more than fine. "They're as nice as Rose's, even if they aren't as big. Plus, I think they're still growing." I nodded along with her and tried to stop imagining her boobs were actually growing while I watched. "And my butt isn't so bad." I nodded, because I'd noticed that. And again, there was no other possible answer, even if she was asking, which she wasn't. "Can I ask — I mean... do you mind?... " "Bella, by the way," she interrupted and let go of her tits to stick out a hand. "The sister." I stuck out my hand. "Edward." "The boyfriend," she said. We shook. I was surprised by the firmness of her grip, too. Their father had taught them to make a good first impression. "That's me," I said. She nodded. I was still holding her hand. Now that she wasn't focused on bringing me to my knees, I noticed how soft and warm her palm was. "Do you want to tell me what's going on?" She let go of my hand, and I felt the loss. "Boy stuff." She smiled, and it was a little bit of sunshine in the dark night. Boy stuff. She might look older than I expected, but she was only in high school. I had this down. Piece of cake. "I figured, with the..." I ran my hand in the air to indicate her body, trying to lighten the situation. "But you're good. All the necessary parts." "I know you have to say that, being the boyfriend and all, but thanks." "Actually, as the boyfriend, I don't think I should be saying anything." "My mom says Rose's boyfriends always wind up being the entire family's, since we're the ones that have to deal with them." "Oh, yeah?" I didn't think I needed to be dealt with but whatever. "Like, with Emmett. We all had to go through their breakup. My father's still not over him." I frowned. I'd met the parents when they'd come to visit Rose at the beginning of the semester. Her father seemed like a good guy. Reserved, a little cautious. We didn't talk much, but he paid for lunch. I assumed I passed muster. Here I was, after all, with his permission. That thought gave me a second of pause, but I pushed it aside. "No offense. He likes you. I just don't know if he likes you , likes you." She laughed. Her voice was dark and husky, dirty even. Not like her sister's at all, which was distracting. She seemed okay, and I thought I'd go back inside and check out what was on television. I'd decided to camp out in the living room since I wouldn't be sneaking in to Rose's bed while she was sick. My official sleeping assignment was the extra twin in her brother's room, but I wasn't tired yet, and I didn't feel like having a roommate. I stood. "I guess I'll just —" but she stopped me. "So. You're a guy." I nodded. "Can I ask you another question?" "Shoot." "How long would you wait? Like, for a girl?" "Like for —" I knew what she was asking, but it hadn't occurred to me that she'd still be on the same topic, and I really didn't want to have this conversation. "For her to... go out with me?" "For her to have sex with you." That word coming out of her mouth was almost as crazy as her asking me to give her tits the once over. "You're seeing someone?" "Tyler." "How long?" "A little while." "How old are you?" 'Seventeen." When Rose talked about her, she made her sound like a little kid. Seventeen was not a little kid. Seventeen was definitely borderline. Seventeen was trouble. I was twenty. Seventeen was not that far from twenty. "You're a junior?" "Senior." Senior boys. Immature, cocky, single-minded. I thought about what I was up to when I was that age. What I would have done if I had a girl that looked like Bella. "Okay. Right, so..." I swallowed. "What was the question?" "How long would you wait for a girl to have sex with you?" "You've