Disclaimer: I lay no claim on JK Rowling's genius, and am ever thankful to get to play around with the amazing characters she's created. CHAPTER 1 He earns eleven NEWTs after returning to Hogwarts. Not that it matters. No one wants to offer a future, not even a dim one, to an ex-Death Eater. Especially not Dumbledore's purported assassin, the boy who let the Dark Lord's forces into Hogwarts. By the time graduation passes, all three Malfoys have been acquitted. Not that this matters either. In the court of public opinion, they may as well have been hung. Back in the manor, dark memories linger throughout his childhood home. The dungeons where the screams of innocent Muggles echoed as Voldemort's more sadistic followers had gleefully practiced dark curses. The long, formal dining table, where the Dark Lord and his inner circle had obsessively plotted the demise of a seventeen-year old boy. The ballroom in which his maniacal aunt had brutally tortured then sliced up one of his muggle-born classmates. Even his own bedroom wasn't safe, for it was where he had cowered and resented himself for middling between the wrath of a homicidal dictator and his own loss of innocence. When Pansy and Blaise announce that they're going to Australia to escape the stigma, at least for the Southern Hemisphere summer, he packs his bags immediately to join them. His friends are not recognized in wizarding Sydney, but his tell-tale Malfoy platinum hair earns him frequent glares. He darkens his hair and disguises his face daily with glamour charms, wears long sleeves, and avoids telling anyone his family name. They move into a penthouse beside the South Pacific coast. Draco likes the modern finishes and sleek lines of the architecture – day if the manor is night. He also likes that it's outside of the magical world. They spend a few days each week lounging on the muggle beach a stone's throw away from their quarters. He and Blaise learn to surf. Pansy packs them all boozy picnics, and passes her own hours on the sand sunning and reading. Everyone is surprised at how bronzed Draco's porcelain skin gets. Evenings are spent exploring the nightlife in both wizarding and muggle Sydney. They sip spirits and smoke weed on their patio, conversing to a backdrop of darkness and crashing waves until reds and oranges tinge the sky. For weeks, they move from one high to another, and chase it all down with vials of dreamless sleep. Drugged up and nightmare-free, they feel... normal, like the debaucherous teenagers they would have been if Voldemort's rise hadn't impinged so disastrously on their adolescence. Sex helps too. Draco, Blaise and Pansy are each young, attractive, and horribly wealthy. A few rounds of drinks and predictably flirtatious conversation almost always leads to shaking headboards and heavy moans. It's an unspoken rule that hooks-up with each other are off-limits. It's too much like shagging a sibling. And anyway, barely a month passes before Pansy becomes enamored with a tall, dark-haired, Australian half-blood and takes herself off the market. "It's just for the summer," she says. But Blaise and Draco have never seen her so carefree and happy . His name is Trevor, and she forbids either of her friends from mentioning the pureblood supremacist nature of her parents. Blaise and Draco shrug. The war is over. And they've literally run away to Australia to escape the demons saddled upon them by their parents' dark ambitions. Trevor becomes an unofficial fourth roommate. The guys like having him around. He's particularly helpful during their forays into muggle Sydney. All three British wizards are floored by the vastness, complexity, and technologies of the muggle world. When Trevor introduces them all to the mobile phone, complete with touchscreens and the "Internet," Pansy becomes enamoured with something called "Instagram," while Blaise spends a curious amount of time using something called "Tinder." And Draco, well, he's enamored with the anonymity the muggle world affords him. While Blaise would floo, owl, or text his favorite lays for repeat performances, Draco never does. It's hard to form a real connection with anyone when one's last name is internationally synonymous with "evil bastard" and "racist asshole." Unless the girl has no idea that magic even exists. So he settles for the not-too-shabby consolation prize of burying himself into the warm, wet insides of dozens of beautiful females. He likes experiencing their preferences for different positions. The shy ones who always want him on top, the pleasers who insist they love sucking his cock, the confident ones who grind their clits onto his mouth and then ride him till their wetness drip past his thighs and onto the sheets. In the afters or in-betweens, some women will stroke his hair and bask sweetly in his adoration. He tells them how gorgeous and incredible they are. He asks about their lives, encourages their ambitions, laughs at funny stories they share. And as they indulge in his affections, he can practically see love blossoming in their eyes. On some level, he knows it's cruel to be this way, since he's likely to never see them again, but it's intoxicating to feel cared for and adored, even if only for a few hours. And in those moments, he truly does almost love back. One night, in March, Draco finds himself alone. Pansy and Trevor are out celebrating their two-month anniversary. Blaise is on a date with his latest flirtation, an Elvira or Alicia or something of the sort. Feeling all too sober and lonely, Draco decides to go out on his own. He's become accustomed to well-crafted muggle cocktails and particularly likes those served at high-end hotel bars. The bartender smiles sweetly at him as she sets his drink down. Draco looks her up and down, as he hands her a credit card. She's tall and lithe. He can imagine her small breasts bouncing to the rhythm of his thrusts. Those long legs wrap around him, pulling him in deeper. She'll do. As he sips his drink and laughs at her jokes, a familiar voice travels to his ear from a few seats down. It can't be… But when he looks, there she is, though significantly less swotty and bossy than he remembers. Hermione Granger is talking to a man, who looks to be her father or an uncle. She laughs easily. Draco has a near panic attack. He tucks away his Manhattan in three gulps and then signals for the check. Tonight, his hair and eyes are both dark brown. His brow and nose are thicker and wider. His ex-schoolmate is unlikely to recognize him, but her presence unnerves him. His heart thuds fast and heavy. Granger, of all people to appear from his past. The bravest, cleverest muggle-born, the princess of the Golden Trio, the goddamn antithesis of his cowardly, pureblood Death Eater self. What the hell is she doing here? Merlin, he has to walk right past her to exit the bar! Briefly, he considers casting a disillusionment charm, but the bartender would likely notice if the guy who was just making eyes at her suddenly camouflaged with the carpet. He'll just have to keep his head down and walk past – like a normal person, at a normal pace – not the crazy sprint his fight-or-flight response is chanting for. He signs his bill and does his best at a casual smile as he rises to leave. One foot in front of the other. He glances at her as he walks past. Her hair is in graceful curls that cascade past her shoulders. Her dress is backless and holy shit, is her father putting his hand there? Draco stops in his tracks and gapes as the older man runs his hands down to the heroine's arse. His eyes further widen when she runs her hand over her companion's thigh and whispers something in his ear. So definitely not her father then. Or her uncle. Draco leans in closer to hear better. "-promise I'm worth every penny, baby." He blinks as her tongue darts out flicks the older man's earlobe. Draco computes the situation the best he can. Instead of skipping down Diagon Alley with Potter and Weasel in all the weekly parades Wizarding Britain is likely to be throwing the heroes who vanquished the Dark Lord, Hermione Granger is whoring herself to a not-very-attractive older man in muggle Sydney. What the holy fuck? Then, his inner Slytherin sees an opportunity. Once the idea forms, he can't get it out of his head and he acts before the practical, non-inebriated parts of him can protest properly. He quickly glances at his reflection in the mirror behind the bar. He looks dark and tan, nothing like the pale, Malfoy heir Granger had known. "Excuse me." Granger glares at the stranger who interrupts her sales pitch, while her elderly companion suddenly looks quite skittish. Draco holds back a smirk as the man quickly withdraws his hand from her bum. "Yes?" she bites out. "Excuse me, miss, but I just want a word with your friend here," he drawls. "Sir, don't I know you from somewhere? I think my mum and your wife are part of the same garden club." The man moves to stand, blatantly avoiding eye contact with Draco. "No, I don't think so young man. Sorry, miss, but I have to uh – erm, well the drinks are on me." He quickly fishes out a few bills and strides out of the bar. Granger's glare intensifies. "What's your problem?" Draco slides into the seat occupied by the other man. "Oh come now, is that the proper way to speak to a potential customer?" Her eyes soften somewhat, but her lips remain pursed. "From where I'm sitting, you've only been bad for business so far." He shrugs. "What's your name?" "Lara," she responds without missing a beat. His eyes narrow at the pseudonym, but who is he to judge. He isn't even wearing his own face at the moment. "Well, Lara. I'm Drew. And I apologize for scaring off your friend there, but I was rather interested in you myself, you see." "And what makes you think I'd be interested in you?" "That old guy versus me?" he scoffed. "Come on. I have to be the lesser evil." She remains silent as he motions for another Manhattan. The bartender doesn't wink at him this time when she slides him the drink. "You're rather presumptuous, aren't you?" she says slowly, sipping her own drink. "And arrogant." "Most girls prefer handsome guys their own age rather than old, rotund sweaty types with receding hairlines." She rolls her eyes. The gesture is so very Granger . "So you think you're handsome." "You don't think so?" "Looks aren't everything." "Oh, I know," Draco grins in spite of himself. "I know exactly what you working girls want in a man and I promise you won't be disappointed in the size of my … assets." Her nostrils flare slightly. She signals to the bartender. "At least get a girl drunk before you tell her what she looks for in a man." They don't speak as the bartender pours them each a new beverage. He gets a bourbon neat and she gets an extra dirty vodka martini. "So you're saying you can afford me," she says, as she eats an olive. He watches her reddened lips wrap themselves around the garnish. He's seen that same mouth twisted open in agony, her petite body convulsing in pain he knows first hand to be excruciating. "Why so prickly, Lara? You might make a guy think you're not interested." Her voice is hushed when she speaks. "Of course I'm interested. As long as you're paying. It's a thousand an hour. Ten grand overnight. Extra charges may apply" Draco whistles and grins. "Do you take credit card?" She gives him a small smile in return that doesn't reach her eyes. "Of course." She becomes less chilly once he