Now ik I haven't updated like any of my story's in forever but I kinda got bored of them you could say and I had a lot to do the first part of school. Sports, Projects, papers. And when I have free time I'm watching TV series that I find on Netflix. So I've been occupied. But I'm coming out with a new story. I feel like I've matured a lot in the past few months and I'm kinda in the spirit to write this story. So I hope you guys like it :). I don't own PJO The Last Play Chapter One. Percy pov. I slammed my alarm clock off and grudgingly got out of bed. I trudged across my room to my bathroom and closed the door behind me. I stripped off my clothes and hopped in the shower turning it on. The cold water that spurted out first woke me up. And I shivered a but until the nice warm steamy water came and warmed me up back into a dream like trance. I cleaned myself and then hopped out grabbing a towel and drying my self off. I slicked back my long black hair and decided not to shave this morning. (For the hair imagine when Tom Brady had long hair don't worry it won't be this long forever) I grabbed some clothes and put them on and looked my self over in my mirror. Black V neck shirt with Dark jeans and some black and red retro Jordan's. I shrugged and grabbed my school bag and football bag. "Hey Percy," My mom Sally said happily. "Hey mom I'm running a bit late so I'm going to have to leave like," I checked my watched ," Oh god I'm gonna have to leave right now bye mom love you!" I exclaimed. I ran to the door grabbing my car keys and storming down the stairs to my car. Wasn't anything fancy but I liked it. A nice black 2012 Jeep Wrangler that my Mom bought me for my 16th birthday this summer after she got a promotion at work. I hopped in it and plugged my iPhone 6 Plus Gold into the aux cord and started playing my music. I jammed out to 679 by Fetty Wap for a while then went to Roots by Imagine Dragons. By that time I had gotten to school earlier than usual thanks to all green lights. I hopped out of my Jeep and grabbed my bags and headed to the locker room. As I entered I headed towards my locker that read. JACKSON 13 QB PURSUES Today was are first home game and I was ready to show off our brand new uniforms. They where Gray with Maroon numbers with maroon stripes going down the Jersey (like the Broncos stripes) with a silver helmet that had a maroon Tiger on it. (As seen as the cover image) I turned around and my bromigos Jason, Leo, and Frank where there. Jason was out star WR. Leo was are kicker/ punter and Frank was are MLB. The only sophomores on the varsity team and the first ever starter sophomores. "What's up guys!?" I asked giving Frank a High five and Jason a fist bump. "Talking about the hype victory party that's gonna be at Jason's place after the game today," Leo exclaimed happily. "It's gonna be hype, and your coming this time!" Jason ordered. "Only if we win," I informed him. "Deal," Frank said giving me a shove before walking off to his locker. I followed Leo and Jason to there lockers which mine happens to be in between there's. Leo pulled out a pair of First generation Hyper Venoms which he customized to be gray and maroon. "Dude you need an upgrade," Jason informed him. I picked a cleat up and the sole started to fall down a little. Leo snatched the cleat from my hand and rapped duct tape around it. "Luckily this isn't my kicking foot," Leo joked. We just have him a "Are you fucking kidding me look" "Hey I didn't miss a field goal last year with these baby's!" He exclaimed. "Yeah but you got 7 of your punts blocked," Jason informed him. I chuckled and shook my head while Leo just Placed his cleats in his locker. "Alright time to wander!" I said and Jason agreed and we walked out of the Locker room in to the main hallway. Where a ton of kids where standing there talking to there friends. "PERCY!" A female voice said belonging to my girlfriend Kenzie. She had Carmel hair that fell to the middle of her back, hazel eyes, and at a small height of 5'4 to my 6'2 height. "Hey Kenz," I said rapping my arm around her. "Hey babe," she responded kissing me. Jason gave an awkward cough and we separated. "So your not gone have butter fingers tonight right?" Kenzie asked. "Don't plan on it," Jason responded looking down the hall way. I followed his gaze and saw the girls volley ball team. Thalia Jason's sister, Piper Jason's crush, who might be the prettiest girl in the school, and Annabeth Chase who was literally the total package. She was basically Kenzie but without the bitch like attitude. Which explains why me and Kenzie are usually in a on and off relationship. "Dude grow a pair and go talk to her," I said annoyed. "Perce I'm going to kill you actually no I'm going to cut your hair off," Jason growled. I gasped in mock hurt. "Talk to her pussy," I ordered. Jason sighed and walked there way. I looked at Kenzie and she was biting her lower lip which really turned me on. She rapped her arms around my neck and started kissing me. I of course kissed back putting my hands respectively on her waist. We separated for a second. "Do something useful with your hands Percy," she purred before are lips met again. So I did what she asked and had my hands firmly grasping her ass. Annabeth pov. Me, Thalia, and Piper where standing by are first block which we happen to have with Jason Grace and Percy Jackson. Basically the two hottest guys at our school. But unfortunately with the cheerleader captain Kenzie Ryan also. Who happens to be dating Percy which ticks me off. But cheer captain vs. Nerd that only has a social life because she is on the volley ball team. "Piper Jason's coming!" Thalia announced. "Probably to ask you for a pencil," Piper insisted. "Oh come on you like him, he likes you I don't get what's so hard here," I exclaimed. Piper gave me a glare as Jason showed up. "Hey beauty queen," Jason said leaning against the wall. Piper blushed but still tried to stay strong to not let Jason know she likes him. "He butter fingers," she responded facing him. Jason stiffened for a second but stayed smooth. "Your coming to the game right?" He asked. "Yeah wouldn't miss it," Piper said with a smile. "Great, well there's a party after if we win or loose you should come," Jason said. "Yeah sounds like fun," Piper said. I faced palmed. "Well se you guys later," Jason said walking past us to the English class. "Ugh Percy why," Thalia said looking down the hallway. I followed pipers and Thalia's gaze. Percy Jackson was in a make out session with Kenzie. There lips locked her arms around his neck and his hand gripping her ass. Jealousy built up inside of me as I saw the scene. "Goals," Piper said sarcastically. "She's such a bitch why does he put up with her?" I asked. "Probably cause she's gives good head," Thalia said. Me and Piper gave her the wtf look. "What I'm just saying its a possibility." She said defending herself. "I don't think Percy's like that," I said. "Yeah cause you think he's perrrrrfect," Piper said Rollin the R. "Shut up," I grumbled as I walked into English. The bell rang and everyone slowly flowed in. Piper plopped down next to me across the isle from Jason and Thalia and behind them was Kenzie and Percy. Are teacher who happens to be the football coach walked in. "OK CUPCAKES SHUT UP AND GET READY TO BE AMAZED!" He hollered at us. "Jackson, Grace your excused from this activity because I want both of you to look over the game plan for the game tonight with the rest of the offense library NOW!" Coach Yelled. "Ok Coach Hedge where going we won't let you down," Percy said patting his coach on the back and walking out with Jason. "That kid really needs a hair cut," he mumbled. "But on to you all, have a pop Quiz to work on," he said smiling handing out the papers. I groaned. This is going to be a long day. Time skip - Lunch Percy pov I sat down next to Kenzie and Leo. "So what are we talking about?" I asked. "I'm telling them to shut up about my dropped pass in the End-zone last year," Jason said ," back me up." "Well they should stop talking about it but, man where lucky Leo can kick a 53 yard field goal," I said giving him a high five. "Oh that reminds me Leo, there's this new cheerleader and she's totally into you," Kenzie informed him. "What's her name?" Leo asked. "Calypso." I dropped my fry from my mouth and Jason gave me a sympathetic look. "What, did I say something wrong?" Kenzie asked. "No, no it's fine," I said. "Well clearly it's not Perce tell me," Kenzie ordered. "Well you see last year before are undefeated JV season, Percy had a girlfriend that went to West Side," Jason started. Kenzie's eyes got big. "And when we played last year they where gonna hang out but instead she dumped him," Jason finished. "That was one cold bitch... But she was hot," Leo said. "Well she's all yours," I said. Leo raised an eyebrow. "What I got all I need right here," I said putting my arm around Kenzie. "Lovely now I'm going to invite Piper to sit with us if u guys fuck this up for me I'll kill you," Jason said getting up and walking towards Piper. "Oh I hope she says yes now," Leo said with an evil smile on his face. "Hey no I know that look and that's not a good look!" I exclaimed. "fine I won't do anything bad," Leo said sadly. Jason came back with Piper and we mainly talked about school, sports, tv shows, and how bad the food was. Time skip pre game. I was warming up with Jason with some 30 yard passes. I would throw to him he would catch and then pass to the back up QB who would then throw it to another WR who would toss it to me. I threw a perfect spiral loft to him and he easily caught it with one hand. "Stop showing off Grace!" I hollered. He just shook his head and kept showing off. After a while I went and talked with my offensive line about how they atleast had to give me 4 seconds to find an open man. Coach Hedge would always had 2 deep a short and a TE making a route somewhere and maybe a RB route. We are the youngest Varsity team in are District but where good and fast. I finally decided to take in my surroundings. I looked at the bleachers on the two sidelines with students and parents with are marching band. The cheer leaders on the track surrounding it. The grass hills leading down to the end zones. I tightened my throwing hand glove and jogged over to the bench where coach hedge was calling us over. "Alright It was a good week of practice we know what there gonna throw at us we