AN: Hey guys! Salty here! (Or Frost, whichever you feel like calling me!) With my first Percy Jackson fanfic! I've also uploaded this over on A03! Basically, I felt the urge to try something different, namely writing in first person as that isn't something I've ever done. I also decided I wanted to do a polyamourous relationship and my four PJO faves became my targets, so here we are! I hope you guys enjoy wherever this ride takes us! Let me know what you think at the end! Chapter 1: Nico Coffee is good. Black coffee is very good. Coffee with just the right amount of cream and sugar is excellent. A latte is all right every once in awhile and a mocha is perfect on a cool night with a good book and the radio on. Espresso is the only reason some people are able to function in the morning and cappucino...? Cappucino is the reason I get out of bed every day. Specifically this cappucino on Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Sunday mornings. Why this cappucino you ask? Because not only is it a perfect mix of everything I like my coffee to be (I'm something of a coffee snob. Sorry about that.), it also has a beautiful heart drawn in the foam every time I order it and the smile that brings it to me reminds me that I'm alive and that getting up on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays is important too. Even if on those days, it's a different coffee. With the warm smell of fresh java surrounding me, I find I do some of my best work here. The people who sit here or outside are relaxed and the easiest to sketch and draw. Not just the customers either, the employees make excellent models. "Don't you have enough drawings of me?" Never. I could never draw your smile, your hair, your eyes, your nose, your hands enough. "You're the only one who stands still long enough. I guess the others are just too busy working." Jason rolled his eyes at me and probably would've hit me with the cloth in his hands if there weren't other people in the cafe. "Someone woke up on the asshole side of the bed this morning." He told me dryly, snatching my empty mug and plate from the table top. I laughed. I couldn't help it. "Poor Will must think you want me too." Jason grinned and I smirked back at him and was likely still doing so as he walked away and checked on other customers. Jason had no idea how close to the truth he actually was. Looking down at my sketchbook, Jason's face smiles back up at me, almost leaning off the page towards me with my perfect cappucino and muffin. Beside him on the page a woman feeds her baby, above her a bowl of fruit and beside that, a man leaning against the lamp post outside smoking a cigarette. The hands down in the bottom right are also Jason's. The barely there lines on the next page also happen to be the same cheerful barista serving cake to a little girl. My life drawing teacher could probably recognize Jason in a heartbeat from how often he graces the pages of my sketchbooks. But that's how it goes I guess, we tend to favour the things we like. Or something like that. He is right though, there's a lot of him in this one, really the only person there's more of in it is Will – my boyfriend. I really should mix it up a bit, get away from the coffee and home scene a bit more before I had to pass this one in. I dig my wallet out of my back pack – yes it's a black one with a chain on it. So sue me. It's practically falling apart I've had it for so long, but I love the damn thing and I'm not about to throw it away cause it's not cool. Will sighs at it every time he sees it, but he's since learned to not say anything about it anymore. It's not going anywhere any time soon. I drop some money on the table, shoulder my back pack and pick up my drawing stuff. I throw Jason a quick wave and he sends me out the with another smile. It's nice outside. Warm, sunny, bit of a breeze, but there are dark clouds on the horizon that look like they're going to bring rain in the afternoon. Which means if I want to draw outside, I had best be doing so before class today, otherwise it'll be an indoor drawing day today. I don't mind either way. People are fascinating to look at and watch no matter where they are. Going about their business, day in and out, most not even aware of the things happening around them. My sketchbooks are filled with so many small, private moments in strangers lives, captured with graphite, charcoal and ink. People are my favourite things to draw. Definitely not my favourite things to interact with, but draw, yes. People let down their barriers when they don't think others are watching and it's amazing to look at. The way a father holds his daugters hand. The way a lady carefully fixes her lipstick. How children look at the world around them. People are incredible things to look at and watch and as long as most of them stay away from me, I'm happy to sit and draw them. As I near the building with my first class of the day in it, I'm not really looking at whats right in front of me. Cars zipping past on the road aren't all that interesting, you know. I'm paying just enough attention to them so as to not get mowed over. Instead, most of my attention is on what is around me. The shops opening for the day. The fresh smell of baking bread. Kids laughing from somewhere near by and students all starting to cluster on the sidewalk, heading in the same direction as me. All laden with their packs of supplies to hopefully help them get ahead in life. This light is taking a damn long time to change. Across the street from me is a girl. Probably a student too. Maybe a few years older than me. She's got warm skin, brown hair and brightly coloured feathers braided into her hair. The shock of blue standing out remarkably against the dark brown. My fingers itch to draw her. To bring her to life on the white pages in my sketch book. She seems to be waiting or someone. She's holding her phone in her hand and keeps looking at it and then looking around. I wonder who she's waiting for? I wonder that a lot. Sometimes, when I look over my book at the end of the day, I'll look at the faces and wonder where they went after that brief moment of being still. Where did they go, what did they do? All I get is a brief window into their lives and all I can do is make up the story as I go along, pouring it out from my pencil. As soon as I get across the street, I sit on the building steps and open my book, the light lines of the girl almost appearing on the page like magic next to the hard lines of Jason. I wonder what the feathers are for. Why are they blue? Is that her favourite colour? It's not long before the person she was waiting for shows up. Another girl with vibrant blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail. They hug and head off down the street. I never see the blonde girls face, but she had a backpack on and was also probably a student. It's a college town, most of us are students to some degree here. The girls sharing their embrace started to appear on the next page, quick lines drawn across the white from memory. They looked to be good friends. Did they greet each other like that every time they saw each other? Or were they meeting again for the first time in a long time? I suppose I'll never know. Suddenly a basketball bumps my foot, startling me from my thoughts and drawing and I'm sure I look as confused as possible when I look down at it. "Sorry!" Slender hands suddenly settle on the ball – there are band aids on three fingers – and lift the ball from the concrete by my foot. I follow it up and this time there's no mistaken the definite deer look on my face. Well done Di Angelo. "Uh, uh..." Nobody look at me. "I dropped it. Sorry again!" The owner of the ball grins at me in an undeniably apologetic fashion, tucks his ball under his arm and turns away. I can only stare at his back as he heads off down the street, my mouth still hanging open from our brief (very brief) encounter. It wasn't that I'd never seen the man before. He's actually on a few of my sketchbook pages as well. It's just that it's been a very long time since I've seen his face that close to mine. Since I've had one of his casually amazing crooked smiles directed right at me. My heart finally catches up to the situation and starts hammering hard in my chest. Coming from a complete standstill, the feeling was a little disconcerting. And annoying. I got over Percy Jackson a long time ago. A very long time ago. Which of course might make you wonder why he's in my sketchbook. Simply put, he has an amazing body. One that as an artist, I'm certainly allowed to appreciate. I have three favourite people I like to draw. Will, when we're at home or out and about. He's soft and flowy and I could spend all day drawing him and it would never be enough to capture his radiant beauty. The curve of his tender smiles looks up at me from almost every other page of my sketchbook. He's all gentle lines and shading and everything that puts me at ease and makes me feel. His is a body that cradles and heals and brings out the sun on a cloudy day. Jason, when he's at work or when we're just hanging out. He's strong and hard and I could draw him for hours on end. He's completely solid and as Will once pointed out in a drawing; literally shaped like a dorito. The way his muscles curve and arch beneath his clothing is absolutely mesmerizing and I know I stare sometimes. It's hard not to watch the smooth machine that is the body of Jason Grace move. His is a body that punches through the air with strength and defence and protection. Then there's Percy Jackson. He's in my sketchbook just as much as Will and Jason and if I'm being completely honest, I've probably drawn him more than either of them. The only difference being that unlike Will and Jason, Percy has no idea I still draw him. I draw Percy at the pool. He's there a lot, which makes sense. He works as a life guard there, gives swimming lessons and swims himself. Percy is all crisp, smooth, slender lines. His is a body that allows him to slice through water and remain completely unreachable by anyone. I look at the hands drawn on the page beside the girls embracing and I wonder, where did the three band aids and scrapes come from, what did he do to his hands? It's another one of those things I'll never know. Whatever it was probably happened while he was doing something stupid. Like attempting parkour or skateboarding down a flight of stairs or some other dumb thing that he'd be one to do. That's the kind of