Today Bella and her vampire family where spending the day at the Cullen house Carlisle had noticed something about Bella the first time they met he knew none of his family ever noticed she was not a single bit human no she was a shifter who hadn't shifted in a long time. The only reason Carlisle knew was because he had a hidden talent of his own he had all kinds of abilities his favorite was to see people's auras and he could tell when two people were meant to be mates. But Bella's aura didn't match Edwards at all. Then he looked at Emmet and Rose's they matched perfectly. Then he looked at Alice and Jasper's and had to look twice Alice and Jasper's aura's didn't match they where different from each other by allot Jasper's had colors that fit perfectly with Bella's. Then he looked into both of theirs again Jasper's had love that he didn't understand since it wasn't for Alice. Then he looked at Alice's again it matched Edwards perfectly. His first thought was how did I not see this before. He checked once more to be sure and it was true. He asked Alice if he could borrow Jasper and she asked why so he told her that he needed to talk to him and not to worry about it. Next thing Jasper knew he was in his dad's office he knew he had to be in here for a good reason because the entire room was soundproof nobody could here a thing they said outside of this room. He looked over at Carlisle and asked what was going on. Carlisle told him he could not tell anybody about what he heard in this room today and made him swear he would not tell Jasper took this kind of stuff seriously and gave him a soldiers promise. So Carlisle asked him to turn around for a second so he did. When he told him to turn around Carlisle had blue eyes so he asked why he had contacts in and Carlisle laughed. And Jasper asked him what was so funny so Carlisle told him that they were not contacts. Jasper didn't believe him so he asked him to prove it now Carlisle didn't want to show all of his powers to Jasper at once so he said he would prove it but they had to talk again tomorrow Jasper agreed and Carlisle told Jasper not to look away from his eyes or he would miss it Jasper looked at his dad like he was crazy but did it anyways and when he did Carlisle asked if he was ready he said yes and as he watched his dad's eyes turned from blue to gold then purple then red the back to gold Jasper sat there with a what the hell just happened look on his face Carlisle asked if he was ok. Jasper looked at him and had a small freak out Carlisle just sat there waiting for him to calm down when he did Jasper just sat there for a minute then he looked at his dad figure and asked what the hell was that Carlisle just I laughed and said it was one of his many gifts Jasper just said alright I'm going to bed Carlisle laughed and said you can if you want to. Jasper gave him a look and said what do you mean. I mean I can make you sleep but you must stay in here so nobody knows what's going on ok. Jasper said ok and went to tell Alice he and Carlisle will be in the office talking about where they where moving next since it would probably be in Texas Jasper's home state. Alice said ok and that she would see him in the morning. Alice went to give Jasper a kiss but then went into a vision. Jasper sat there waiting for her to come out of it but when she did she had a look of horror on her face. This scared Jasper he wandered if she had seen what Carlisle was going to tell him tomorrow. He asked what was wrong she said one word and that was all he needed to hear "Bella". He and Carlisle ran to the backyard and heard growls it was the wolf pack of La Push. Carlisle being the kind man he was he offered them in to have a snack. Sam said they couldn't but thanked him then they got down to business sam went to ask the entire group the question but changed his mind when he saw there was a new girl he thought looked familiar so he went up to her and asked for permission to speak to her and Carlisle. He said they could talk inside in his study Sam asked if it was soundproof and Carlisle said yes so the three went to the study and as soon as the door was locked Sam jumped Bella by asking where the hell she had been Carlisle asked how he knew her and Sam told him how she was his younger sister. Carlisle asked if she was supposed to shift and Bella looked at him terrified Sam looked at Bella's height and muscle density and decided she might but she would be the first female shifter ever and he knew she wouldn't like the attention. She agreed with a pointed look at Carlisle. They needed to call a pack meeting and then Carlisle said the office was just big enough to have them and the Alaskan coven in there at once. So they decided to have it in the office so the other vampires didn't hear them they also asked if Jasper could come Carlisle asked why but Sam wanted to make sure before he said anything. So he decided to test his theory about it and asked Bella if she wanted to prank someone which she did so he had her use one of her many powers and turn into an eagle and wait outside on a branch in the tree line Carlisle had never seen a shifter that could be anything they wanted and asked Sam how she was able to shift forms. Sam told him that she had been able to shift into other animals since she was a little girl at the age of 2 but when he saw them look on Carlisle's face he told him not to worry that she had been able to control it since it started happening and that it was not because the was a shifter but because she had powers. When they ended their conversation and Bella told Sam she was ready through there mind link which Sam also explained was because they where siblings they share a mind and that's why they came he heard her thoughts and knew she was here. They then called in the pack but Paul asked where his little sister was and Carlisle gave him a weird look and asked what he meant Sam explained that Bella was like a little sister to all of them except Seth Collin and Brady. They thought she was an awesome big sister. Carlisle asked why Paul was so worried and Sam explained how Paul had saved Bella's life from a red eyed leach a couple years ago so they where really close and he was really protective of her and when she decided to go explore the world he didn't move for months because he was so worried. They all listened to his retelling of what happened and Paul was blushing like crazy. Sam asked Carlisle to bring Jasper in so he could test his theory. Jasper came in and looked around with military skill he kept an eye on all of the pack and the when he decided it didn't look like they where going to attack he relaxed. When Sam saw this he got up and went over to the biggest window in the room and did a loud call Jasper looked at him confused until a large eagle came and perched on his shoulder. When Bella heard the call she waited a second before flying through the window and landing on Sam's shoulder. She looked up and saw Paul and started to squeak and hop on Sam's shoulder causing him to fall down Bella hovered in the air over Sam when he held up a hand she grabbed it in her talons feet and pulled him up Carlisle being a doctor worried she had hurt him and asked to see if he had any cuts or claw marks. Sam laughed and showed him his arm and shoulder Carlisle was impressed that there where no claw marks or even a single scratch. Sam explained that she had always had sharper claws than any eagle ever but was so gentle it never hurt them when she landed on them. Bella hovered in the air in front of them and Carlisle noticed she was a lot bigger than a normal eagle. Bella got tired of being in the air and decides to look for a comfy place to land she spotted Jasper and swooped over to his chair and landed on the arm of the chair then looked at Jasper and Sam then asked Sam through there link if she could change animals Sam was shocked he had never seen his sister trust anyone that was not from the pack with her powers and now she wanted to show this vampire she barley knew he told her it was ok but not to become anything to huge until they where outside. Bella changed forms into a black tiger with blue eyes she moved to sit next to him on the couch then looked to him to see his reaction he looked like he was trying to figure it out. Jasper was thinking then it all clicked this animal had to be one of the pack but it didn't smell bad like the others he wandered if it was because it could become other animals. He asked it to phase back so they could talk. Bella looked at Sam for approval then phased and sat there where she was next to Jasper only she had her cloths and didn't lose them when she phased. Jasper looked at her and asked if it was really Bella that had been the other animals. She told him yes and he asked if they could tell the rest of the family. But before he could finish she was lifted off the couch by one of the boys and he was hugging her to death she laughed and told him she had missed him to Sam told him it was Paul one of Bella's many big brothers he asked what he meant and Sam told him the back considers Bella a sister for the younger members it's an older sister and for the rest of us she is our baby sister. Sam told him the younger ones where not there because they where on patrol. He stopped when he heard Bella stop laughing and turned to look at her she gave him a look that said they would talk later and got out of Paul's grip and went over to the window. Jasper fallowed her and when she jumper he freaked and tried to save her but last minute she turned into a giant midnight black horse and he looked at her for a minute before she looked up at him and motioned to her back where she had on all her riding tack then back to him Sam told him she wanted him to go to he said he would be out in a minute he had to get something he asked Carlisle if he could have the key to his safe Carlisle gave it to him and he ran to his and Alice's room opened the safe and got on his old jeans, shirt,