Blood-Red Rose for Legolas ElveNDestiNy Disclaimer: Written with all respect of J.R.R. Tolkien, creator of such a wonderful world. Lord of the Rings doesn't belong to me and no copyright infringement is intended. Please Note: This story has been under extensive revision but is very close to its finalized form. The first few chapters may seem relatively juvenile, but the story becomes serious fairly soon and is intended for mature readers. It does deal with some heavy topics, hence the M rating. If you're hoping for unicorns and rainbows, you won't find them here. At the risk of scaring off readers, I should say that the first third of this novel-length story was actually first written when I was thirteen. Quite predictably, some of it was simply terrible. Those chapters have been revised many times since then, but don't be surprised if you notice a change in the level and quality of the writing once you're further along. Bottom line is, if you give this a chance, hopefully it won't disappoint. You can always check my profile for updates on the status of the revisions. Pronunciation Guide : Sariel – Sare-RE-elle. Take the name 'Ariel' and add a soft 's' in front. Sare rhymes with 'I dare you to,' RE as in re turn, and -elle as in Mich elle . Belderon – Bell-DUR-ron Lorianiel – Lori-AN-iel Lessena – Less-EN-na. EN as in bright en . Chapter 1: Bound by Blood-Oath The knife sliced into her hand swiftly and cleanly, delaying the pain for a few scant moments before the cut began to sting. Sariel bit her lip and tried to keep her face expressionless as Belderon repeated the action on himself, cutting shallowly across his palm. Before the blood welling from their wounds had time to spill, Belderon pressed their hands together and let the mixture drip into two tiny glass vials. " By blood, Sariel Nightstar, I bind thee By blood-oath you are bound to me. As you are reborn in death's shadow Elven blood will become its own greatest foe. . For vengeance, death shall be his fate The son of Thranduil solely mine to assassinate. His life now yours, as you desire to be free In this exchange which binds for all eternity." Despite her determination to hide her fear, Sariel shivered slightly. It was only the third time she had made a blood-oath such as this, but the last two times had been the worst in her life. This time, she was sure, would be different—but no better. This time it was the princeling of Mirkwood that Belderon wanted, and the stakes were so much higher. Her mother and sister would finally be free of Belderon, and so would she, if only she completed the task well. Hardly sparing a glance at her, Belderon put one of the vials on a thin silver chain and gave it to her. The other one he kept and put it in his locked box, which would disappear somewhere in his rooms, not that Sariel had ever dared to enter them. With steady fingers despite her unease, Sariel fastened the necklace around her neck and tried not to flinch as the small object, shaped like an hourglass, touched her skin. It was still warm from the blood. Her hand continued to sting despite the bandaging she wrapped around it, reminding her that the blood-oath was a dark ritual and a powerful binding. After all, so were most things that involved blood. "Please, may I see my sister and mother before I leave?" she asked quietly. Long experience had taught Sariel that Belderon was thoroughly heartless, but not necessarily unreasonable. Indeed, it was his logical ruthlessness that was far more terrifying than anything else. She thought he would not deny her this, not when the visit would reaffirm her choice, as it always did. Nothing else could have strengthened her resolve to set the life of her family above all else, whether it was right or wrong to do so. "Yes," Belderon granted after a thoughtful silence that had tension tightening Sariel's shoulders. "I will be listening. You may not tell them of this affair, or of what else you have done under my command. The emotion born of your blood ties weakens you, my dear. Remember what I have taught you." Sariel allowed herself a few moments of relief, but she had not yet been dismissed, and she knew better than to leave before he was completely done with her. He stared into the flames of the fire impassively. "I will see you in the morning before you leave," Belderon finally said after he had made her wait several more minutes in oppressive stillness. Sariel nodded once and left, closing the door behind her with the half-hearted wish that she could lock her Master out of her life forever. It was fancy, more than emotion, that was her weakness. Her imagination and ceaseless wishing had brought her closer to danger than any affection she might have had for anyone. Even her family were strangers, her loyalty to them the result more of what she wished they were to her, than what they actually were. She walked down the grey stone hall, fighting the compulsion to run…because there was nowhere, really, she could run to. She only hated to be in his presence. She knew that Belderon could hear her footsteps; like all Elves, his hearing and eyesight were incredibly acute. I should know, she thought, bitterness lacing the knowledge. After all, I have the same gifts. At last she reached yet another door and opened it, looking into a painfully austere room with cold stone walls. It was as grey as the rest of the place and all that color was unrelieved by light. Inside of the room, her mother sat placidly in a chair, giving the impression that she was always stationary, like some invalid confined to endless rest. Her sister was huddled on the bed, barely looking up at Sariel when she entered. Sariel averted her eyes anyway, not wanting to face the utter lifelessness sure to be in Lessena's otherwise pretty countenance. Her mother ignored Sariel completely. Both had heavy iron shackles around their wrists and their ankles, as expected of prisoners. Sariel knew it was all for show. Belderon had fine wires just as capable of binding, but the room was jail enough even if his power over all of them, should there be any sign of disobedience, was somehow not. In comparison to them, Sariel seemed to exude a hard vitality, making it seem as if she were of a completely different race. It was not that there was anything too outwardly wrong at first sight about the appearance of the two Elves in the room, except perhaps the fact that their skin appeared to be fine parchment stretched over brittle bones. Still, few methods of torture could have been as effective as Belderon's for shattering the mind. "Mother, Lessena, I will leave tomorrow. I can only tell you that if all goes well, we may be freed. I do not know when, but it will be at least several months before my task is completed." She had always made her sentences the bare minimum when speaking because otherwise her mother did not listen. Too many horrors had been whispered to her, too many truths distorted, and she blocked out almost everything around her, including her daughter. Sariel embraced her mother gently, unsure as to what she thought might break if more force were exerted. The once beautiful Lorianiel was gaunt and haggard, her appearance as grey as the unforgiving walls around them. Golden hair had faded to wispy yellow-white and her blue eyes were clouded as if with a human's advanced age. The milky film over sapphire eyes like her own made it hard for Sariel to look at her without slight disgust, followed by shame. Her mother said nothing, but after a while the waxen figure that was Lessena melted to life. It seemed to take great effort and the words were slow, each one painstakingly carved out of the still air. "Sariel, do not give us hope. Let us die so that you, at least, shall be free," she said. "He allows you come ever so often because he knows the exact limits to which a soul may be punished, but still survive enough to continue in a physical shell. What does he want from us? Why does he keep you away?" Tears began to thicken Lessena's light voice, the words coming now as if long suppressed. "Lessena—" Sariel began, but her sister stopped her with a look. "You change every time I see you, Sariel. You seem as cold and distant as the woods of Lothlórien where we once lived. You stink of blood, and yet none I can see. You are bright with life, but no longer passionate. Something dark has twisted your soul, I feel it! You were ours once; what has he done to you to make you like this?" Sariel could not seem to find the voice to reply, even if she had had the words. Her eyes blurred with tears but she struggled to hold them back, frustrated with her helplessness. She was letting her emotions control her, seeing the Lessena she wanted to see. The torrent of words came not from concern, but accusation. Finally, Sariel swallowed hard and answered. "Have hope because there is hope now. How can you relinquish everything after so many years, when we are so close to freedom? You speak of Lothlórien…our true home. Think of the mallorn-trees in Lórien—remember autumn when their leaves turned russet, and rustled gently as the wind stirred them. Do you remember? If I do this—if I do as Belderon commands me to do, we can go back there. He will free us!" Sariel's bandaged hand flew up to her neck to grip the small, hard shape of the warm vial. The revulsion she felt at keeping even a few drops of Belderon's blood close to her was overpowered by what it had bought: a contract of death in exchange for freedom—hers, and her family's. Lorianiel stirred to life, baring her teeth at Sariel like a feral animal. "What do you know of lifetimes spent in this cage? How can you know what it is like? You, at least, are freer than either of us! Go, Sariel, and leave us be. Do not give me your words of freedom or your memories of the past, seeking to comfort us with illusions. Has Belderon not taught you that it is the dreamers who meet the cruelest reality in the end? Go!" The words fell harshly into the gentle spell Sariel had sought to weave with her words and hurt her as if they were knives. Sariel sucked in a breath that was almost a gasp, closing her eyes briefly. Lorianiel's voice had lifted in melodic song, once. But as she said, that was many lifetimes ago. Sariel blinked away hot tears when she finally looked at two sets of indifferent eyes, knowing that she had given everything to save them, only to be constantly faced with her powerlessness and failure. She called them her mother and sister, but were they, in any way other than blood? Their stinging rejection of her now seemed like a betrayal, but the knowledge that it was also her fault, the thought that she had ignored reality for too long and had built up a fantasy in which the remnants of her family loved her—all of it was too much for her to accept. Belderon's repeated lessons echoed in her mind and she clung to it. Despite everything, Belderon was an elder Elf who knew much. However much he was a monster, he was still right. Emotion had made her weak, but knowing her own flaws did not change anything. She turned blindly and stumbled out of the room without