Legolas and Lily, Part II The Continued Fulfillment of the Visions and Prophecies of Lady Elanor Tindómiel of Lórien and Prince Legolas Greenleaf of the Northern Realm Chapter 1 Lily rested, cozy and warm, among soft quilts on a low couch in the Golden Hall of Meduseld. Flames danced and roared like triumphant warriors in the fire pit that ran down the center of the hall—indeed, triumphant warriors had celebrated earlier in the evening, drinking to the health of their comrades and the valor of the fallen, and stomping and cheering as the Hobbits Merry and Pippin danced on the rough-hewn tables. It was the middle of the night, now, and the brave Men of Rohan had retired to their homes; Théoden King, his sister-son Éomer, and his sister-daughter Éowyn to their chambers; and the honored guests—Merry, Pippin, Aragorn of the Dúnedain, Gandalf the Wizard, Gimli the Dwarf, and Legolas the Elf—to their quarters. Lily might have dozed off if something hadn't been sounding a warning in the back of her mind, something that wouldn't let her retire with Éowyn to her chamber and relax into an Elf-maiden's peaceful dreams. The day had been long and eventful. She had awakened before dawn after scant hours of rest in the chamber she had shared with Éowyn at Helm's Deep, allowing herself to relive in just moments the events of the previous night: the rebuilding of the blasted wall that had fallen to the traitorous wizardry of Saruman; her theretofore unknown power to heal the wall as she had so often healed Elves and Men; the blanket of starry elanor flowers and green grass that had covered the battle-bruised ground after she wept, mourning the great losses to Middle Earth suffered at the Battle of Helm's Deep; the precious minutes stolen from grief and duty when Legolas had accepted her betrothal jewel in the shadow of the redeemed land and the starlit wall. She had had only those few moments to wonder at and savor her memories, for Éowyn was already awake, dressed, and packing. The White Lady of Rohan looked as though she had slept ill, despite her joy at the renewed safety of the fortress and Lily's betrothal. Even in her weariness the princess was fair to behold. Lily slipped out of bed. "At what hour does Mithrandir leave? I have slept too long." "And a good morning to you, too, Lily. You don't have much time," Éowyn said. "My uncle has asked me to see our people safely back to Edoras. But I would rather ride to Isengard with you." "We'll catch up to you, Éowyn. I know you feel like you're missing out, and I'm sorry." Lily put on her traveling clothes and girded her sword at her waist. "I want to know all about your visit to Isengard as soon as you rejoin us on the road." "At your command, Lady of Rohan," Lily said with a smile. "It could be quite the interview between Mithrandir and Saruman—we may wish we were distant from Isengard, after all. Have you had breakfast?" "No, and I doubt there's time for it," Éowyn answered. "I have to see that those still recovering from their wounds are ready to travel." "Here, try this," Lily said, breaking off a piece of lembas and holding it out to Éowyn. "What is it?" Éowyn asked, examining the golden, bread-like food and sniffing it. Lily laughed. "You can trust me. It's lembas, the waybread of the Elves. Try it. That piece will nourish you for the entire day." "I could certainly use that," Éowyn said, nibbling her piece. "This is good." She took the entire amount in two bites and Lily broke off her own piece and did the same, then wrapped the remainder in the mallorn leaves that kept it fresh. She finished packing and checked her medical kit. "Well, Éowyn, I'll see you by mid-day, or a little later, I think," Lily said, gathering the pack, kit, and her quiver and bow. "Beware Saruman's voice," Éowyn said, placing an arm around Lily's shoulders. "They say it charms the unwary with flattery and spells." "I've heard that also," Lily said. "You be careful, too. I think all the awful creatures are far away from Rohan now, but you should send scouts ahead and riders to guard your flanks, and also a rearguard." "Yes, Éomer told me in great detail. You've convinced him that women need not be defenseless, for which I thank you." Lily stepped toward the door. "If a Rider of Rohan can be so convinced, then there's hope for all Men. But better to have peace, where no one goes to battle. I'll see you in a while." "Take good care." "And you." Lily went down the stone stairs to the renewed fastness behind the Deeping Wall. Legolas and Gimli were talking near a brown horse and a white horse, but fell silent as Lily came down the stairs and smiled at them. "Good morning, gentlemen," she said, and went to Legolas. She saw her—now his—betrothal jewel on the light chain around his neck, shining against his open-collared shirt. She touched the jewel with her fingertips and smiled up at the Elf. Gimli said, "May I wish you happiness, Lady Elanor?" "Thank you Gimli; indeed you may—and I am quite happy." The white horse turned its head and snuffled Lily's shoulder. She stared. "Snowstar? What are you doing here? You should have been in Lórien days ago!" "She was with the mounts they brought from Edoras," Legolas said. "The Rohirrim must have found her on their way. I saw her this morning and was certain she was yours, so I didn't let them saddle her. And see, this is Arod, who bore Gimli and me from the shadows of Emyn Muil to Fangorn when we tried to find Merry and Pippin—after the Orcs took them." "Hello, Arod," Lily said, stroking and patting the horse. "Thank you for carrying Legolas and Gimli safely. And Snowstar!" she said, moving to place her hand on the horse's neck. "I'm so glad you are safe." Snowstar nickered softly. Gandalf came striding toward the group, cloaked in grey, with Théoden King and Aragorn at his side. The great Shadowfax, the king's horse Snowmane, and Aragorn's Hasufel followed behind. "Lily, you and Legolas will represent the Elves, Théoden King and Éomer the people of Rohan, Gimli the Dwarves, and Aragorn will be there for all Men. This business with Saruman is serious and requires witnesses." "We have all witnessed enough of Saruman's treachery—I hope we witness no more," Legolas said. They all greeted each other as the dawn began to lighten as best it could with the smoke and shadows of Sauron spreading from the East. Lily secured her pack and medical kit, stroking Snowstar and speaking Elvish endearments while she inspected the horse's coat, hooves, and teeth. "Have we taken adequate care of your horse, my lady?" Éomer said, riding up next to Gandalf. "You have indeed, my lord, for who knows horses better than the Rohirrim?" "You and Legolas and Gimli ride behind Aragorn," Gandalf said. Lily swung lightly onto Snowstar's back. Legolas helped Gimli up behind Éomer and then mounted Arod. The Elf pointed to the East. "Behold, the Morning Star! The lovely Tindómiel!" he said. "How beautifully it shines—no reeks of the Black Land can diminish its beauty." He looked with love at the star and then at Lily. See this star, Frodo and Sam, Lily thought, and have hope that its light will protect you. She bent her thoughts toward Lothlórien. My Lady Galadriel! Guide them; keep them safe; help them endure. Lily looked at the morning star as it faded slowly in the bleak sunrise. In her mind, she saw a vision of Frodo sleeping, wrapped in his grey Elven-cloak. Sam was beside him, Hobbit-sword in hand, sleeping as though he had intended to watch until the night ended and could not stay awake. Most surprising, Sméagol sat at a distance, watching, and appeared to wish he had such friends. Aragorn turned and looked at Lily. "Many times have I looked to the Morning Star and taken new hope. I had forgotten . . . ." He noted the faraway look on her face. "Lily, can you see them?" "Frodo and Sam are safe, for now. If what I saw is 'now,' and I feel it is." Lily shivered and pulled her own cloak around her. Her mind was back in the present. "I think the sight of you, Lord Aragorn, will be of great interest to Saruman. You are kingly even in the clothes of a Ranger from the North, my brother." "Come along, let's begin," Gandalf said, taking his place beside Théoden King. "And remember, don't answer questions or volunteer information. Let me do the talking." Théoden King looked at the others, his regal demeanor somewhat relaxed, and in good humor. "This party is under Gandalf's command, clearly—and I am glad to have him giving the orders." The Wizard looked around. "Am I being abrupt?" "Perhaps a little," Lily said with a smile. "But as it is dangerous to meddle in the affairs of Wizards, as the saying goes, and as there is a Wizard to manage here—not you, Mithrandir, but Saruman; we wouldn't dream of managing you—I think you are the best leader we could have." "Well then—let's be on our way," Gandalf said, and began to ride. Aragorn exchanged bemused glances with Lily and Legolas, and left the keep behind the Wizard and the King of Rohan. They rode toward Isengard on the road the Elves had taken to march to Helm's Deep. "This is an expedition of note," Legolas said. "All we need are Hobbits and then representatives of all the Free Folk of the West would be present for this business with Saruman." "Don't count out the Hobbits yet," Gandalf said, overhearing Legolas's remark. "We may yet find a few on the way." "Indeed?" Aragorn said. "I would be happy to see Merry and Pippin again." "They have played their part in the battle against Saruman," Gandalf said. "They brought the Ents into the fight." "Then they did more than anyone else could have done," Legolas said. "The tree-herds would usually take so much time deciding what to do, it could be too late for them to do it." "Those Hobbits can certainly surprise you," Gimli said. "So can those Ents," Gandalf said. Lily showed the group the flet she had built while waiting to join the Elves in hopes of saving Haldir, whose fate she had seen in vision as she dreamt back in Lórien—it seemed so long ago. Aragorn said the flet looked sturdy, but Legolas examined it from horseback as closely as he could. "It's rather small, I know," Lily said. "You weren't building a flet in Caras Galadon," Legolas said. "I'm sure it was exactly what you needed." "And I'm sure you would have built something better." "Perhaps. You fastened the rope well. If we came back in a few years, this might still be here. I'm glad you weren't sleeping on the ground." "Yes—I felt much better when I was safely on my little flet." Lily quietly told the company how she had followed Gandalf from Lórien until he turned into the forest of Fangorn, then took the road she had known would be the path for the Elves until she found a good tree for the platform where she would wait to join them. "Were you afraid, with Gandalf not knowing you were there, and no fires, and sleeping on the ground?" Aragorn asked. "I was so determined to save Haldir, I usually was not afraid. But at night, sometimes, I was nervous. I wished I had someone to talk to and fight beside me, if it came to that." "Now you do, if it comes to that," Legolas said. "How did I not sense that you were following me?"