Notice: This story is slash. That means characters of the same gender in a romantic relationship. If you object to this, hit the 'back' button and do not read. Title: Broken Teacups (Part 1?) Author: Celtic Bard Pairings: Glorfindel/Erestor Rating: PG-13 Warning: Mentions of suicide (NON-graphic) Notes: Chapters 1-5, originally published June 2004-January 2005, have been edited both for content and to comply with ffn's new standards (no replies to reviews within chapters, etc.) and re-uploaded as of March 2006. Summary: Reincarnation isn't all that it's cracked up to be, and Erestor happens to discover something he shouldn't have… This takes place around 1100 Third Age. You are troubled. I know this, and yet you appear to have no idea. How? I always know… I have always known. You, however, seem to be content to go about your life with your concealing façade safely in place and never let anyone see your problems. Not even yourself, I should think… I see, though. How can I not? From the moment you first arrived, you caught my eye. Not through your looks (though, admittedly, they are impressive) or even your rapier-like wit and the charm that you use to make sure that your mask never falls out of place (in public, anyway). Rather, I saw your sorrow. I saw the subtle restless melancholy lurking beneath your painstakingly polished surface, a surface you had constructed to keep said melancholy from breaking free. But barriers, especially self-made ones, are not infinitely strong. They all break eventually, even yours. Yes, even yours. I wonder what will happen when they do… Glorfindel stood near the edge of the roof and surveyed the stars with a bittersweet expression upon his face. So beautiful, the stars… but so cold, too. So distant… He looked down at the Bruinen below him. It would be the last thing that he would see in this lifetime, for he had chosen to go this way, to fall. He had fallen to his death before, yes, but this time was different. This time there would be no searing heat, no burning flames that engulfed him fully through to his soul and charred the very air about him and turned living flesh into nothing more than dead black ash. This time there would be only the cool caress of the night against his skin, and, perhaps, the stinging nip of impact as he hit the water. After that, Glorfindel reasoned, the shock to his body from the fall would render him unconscious and he would be aware of nothing as he drowned. He closed his eyes and drew one last breath of the sweet, summery-scented air, and prepared to take a step forward and bring an end to it all. Suddenly – "Glorfindel! No!" He spun round as fast as he was able (mindful of the edge) and saw to his utmost astonishment Erestor standing there, clad in a lightweight shirt and leggings. His physical appearance was even more surprising than his sudden intervention – before now, Glorfindel had only seen the advisor wear robes, and heavy robes at that. What an odd thing to be thinking about just now , he mused, before returning to the subject at hand. "Leave, Erestor. I do not wish you to witness this." He almost sounded bored. Erestor wondered at the calm with which the seneschal spoke those words. "Do not do it, Glorfindel!" He knew that merely saying such a thing was not likely to change Glorfindel's mind, but it would delay him for a few more seconds, and buy Erestor some time to think. The seneschal said nothing for a bit. Erestor, seeing this as progress, took a step forward to try to better reason with him. Glorfindel took half a step back, his heel hanging over the roof's edge. "Come no closer, Erestor!" That stopped the dark-haired Elf completely, and Glorfindel turned back around to face the river. Quick as a flash and silent as a ghost, Erestor came up behind him and, knowing he would only get one chance at this, flung his arm about the seneschal's waist. He began dragging them both away from the edge, and Glorfindel struggled unsuccessfully – they were equally matched in strength, but Erestor had better leverage and his bare feet gave him a better grip on the roof than Glorfindel's boots did. The blond Elf flailed his right arm, trying to break away, but Erestor pinned it with his own and slowly but steadily they made backward progress. "Why are you doing this?" Glorfindel growled as Erestor dragged him back towards the trapdoor that led inside. "Why are you ?" Erestor countered breathlessly – Glorfindel was putting up quite a fight. " You could not possibly understand," Glorfindel told him angrily, as Erestor pulled him through the trapdoor and began to head down the inclined ladder that served as a means of access. Glorfindel tried to knock him away, knowing that this was his last chance at escape, but Erestor was more athletic than he had anticipated and would not be overbalanced. Indeed, he even managed to reach up and latch the trapdoor behind them while losing neither his footing nor his grip. Once that was done, and both Elves were standing on the floor, Glorfindel again attempted to break free. Erestor let him, but quickly moved to stand in front of the locked door. He did not plan on letting the seneschal kill himself… Glorfindel, turning towards the door and finding Erestor standing there, arms crossed, growled in frustration. "Why could I not understand?" Erestor questioned quietly. What has you so upset? Why would you want to take your own life? "You just… could not," Glorfindel answered hurriedly, and attempted to get around Erestor and to the door. The counselor easily blocked him at every turn. "Let – me – leave!" "No." Erestor surveyed him almost warily. "I will not let you do it, Glorfindel!" "It is not your choice to make!" "Perhaps not," the counselor conceded. "But why would you want to make it?" "You could not know." "Why?" he persisted, determined not to leave until he got an answer. Glorfindel saw this, and realized that it was futile to resist. "You are not… you have not…" Oh, how to explain his feelings? How to explain the constant crushing sensation of despair that had been oppressing him ever since he had reawakened to this world? How to explain that this second life was hopeless, utterly so, and that he could no longer bear the weight of such sorrow? There were no words to express it – there were no words, but Erestor understood, somewhat. "I have not died?" he guessed, asking in an oddly gentle tone of voice, "Is that it, Glorfindel?" Glorfindel made no answer – he wasn't quite sure what to say. Erestor stepped closer. "Is that why I could not understand?" Glorfindel was persistently avoiding his gaze, arms crossed and eyes cast towards the walls, the ceiling, anything but the advisor. At length, he nodded. Erestor sighed. Now what? He couldn't leave Glorfindel alone with his inner demons – he would probably try to kill himself again – but he didn't know how to help. After all, he hadn't died before, and neither had anyone he knew – except for Glorfindel. "Are you sure I would not understand?" he asked, almost coaxingly. Glorfindel was silent, so Erestor continued, "Why not try to explain and see if maybe I understand it better than you think?" "You would not," the blond Elf told him, so softly that Erestor almost did not hear. "You cannot be certain of that," the counselor offered, and went on, "A problem shared is a problem halved, Glorfindel." "That is not true," the other Elf replied, shaking his head. "Not in this case, anyway…" "Why?" A bitter laugh escaped the blond's lips before he could rein it in. "It is hopeless, Erestor, can you not see?" Erestor's brows furrowed. "What is hopeless?" "Life!" he exclaimed, turning away. He hadn't exactly meant to say that; it had just popped out of his mouth. Curiously enough, it made him feel slightly better… '"Life, Glorfindel?" the counselor questioned incredulously as the seneschal began to pace. "Yes, you know, existence, survival, the continuation of this endless impossible reality! It is all doomed, just like every single one of us is! We are no more than the sum of our idealistic egos, teetering over the edge of the gaping abyss that is this world!" Out of breath, he stopped his rant and faced Erestor. Shocked at the fact that someone could have such a bleak worldview, Erestor merely stared at him for several minutes. Finally, he asked, "How could you possibly know this?" "I have died!" Glorfindel practically yelled, and then lowered the volume of his voice. Almost reasonably, but with more than a healthy dose of bitterness, he went on, "I have died , Erestor, and I find it infinitely preferable to living." "I do not understand." How can you think that way? "You do not have to," Glorfindel assured him with a small smile that was part forced, part bitter, and part reflective. "All you need to know is that I am doing this because it is what I genuinely want. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have unfinished business to attend to…" He turned back towards the ladder, hoping that the even tone of his voice had lulled Erestor into letting him go. Erestor, however, was not so easily appeased, and Glorfindel cursed inwardly when the dark-haired counselor grabbed the back of his shirt, stopping him. "Leave me, Erestor." "I will not," Erestor informed him, using his hold on Glorfindel's shirt to make the blond Elf face him. Briefly they locked eyes, and the seneschal's steely stare was an equal match with the counselor's determined if mildly frustrated gaze. It shocked Glorfindel, certainly, and for a moment he could think of nothing to say. Erestor raised his eyebrows, observing this, and continued, "Explain, Glorfindel. Why would you rather be dead than alive?" "Why should I explain to you?" The dark-haired Elf cocked his head to the side, just a little. "Because I am not going to stop questioning you unless you do." "Pah," Glorfindel shook his head, "I can withstand any badgering you might put me through." He even added a sneer, hoping to irritate the counselor into distraction. "Me, perhaps," Erestor conceded serenely, arms crossed, "But what about Elrond?" He said it so lightly, so nonchalantly, that Glorfindel knew he had to have been planning it all along. The seneschal's eyes narrowed. "You would not." "I would ." It was tempting, very tempting, to grin rather smugly as he said that, but Erestor held back, not wishing to make himself even more of an aggravation than he knew he already was. "No," Glorfindel replied, more to convince himself than inform Erestor, "I know you. You would not." "Think what you will," Erestor told him, "But perhaps you do not know things as well as you think you do." They were getting off the subject, far off the subject, but that meant delayed discussion of other issues, and Glorfindel much preferred it that way. "Fine, then. You can and will inform Elrond if your interrogation of me does not succeed, and I know absolutely nothing whatsoever. Now, will you leave ?" "No." He spoke the word almost glibly, with an ease that spoke of maybe innocence, maybe ignorance, maybe some odd Erestorish combination of both. Glorfindel began to pace again, and his tone took a gradual turn towards pleading. "Erestor, I am asking you to please leave. I do not want to get you involved in this. Please." The counselor's voice was remarkably soft, as he watched the seneschal pace. "It is too late, Glorfindel. I am involved already." Still pacing, Glorfindel glanced at him. "You are not. You can still leave, and, quite frankly, I would rather you did." Erestor