The Blood of Your Veins Sequel to Always In Your Shadow PART ONE: FIRST YEAR Chapter One: August was determined to end with a fanfare. The sun beat down incessantly, so that walking outdoors felt rather like walking into a fireplace. Perhaps this was the reason that so many people paused to stare at the two figures that cut a path down the pavements of London, one tall and one quite small, but both wearing heavy black cloaks. The taller of the two was a grown man probably somewhere close to thirty, and the smaller of the figures was a short, scrawny girl of perhaps ten or eleven years. This was nearly where the difference between them ended, for in addition to the heavy cloaks they wore, both sported straggly black hair, pasty complexions, and noses perhaps a tad too large for their respective faces. "I don't understand why we can't simply Apparate to Diagon Alley," the younger of the pair whined, her breath coming fast as she tried to match the man's rapid pace. Severus Snape glanced over his shoulder at the child, managing at once to communicate disapproval in his gaze, and to snag her hand in his own. He glanced around to see if anyone had been listening before issuing a warning to his daughter. "Please," and the word was somehow more exasperated than polite, "Mind what you say in the middle of a crowded street. We're almost there anyhow." "But it's hot outside, and my feet are sore. And the bus was full of smelly old Mug-" Severus whirled around to face his daughter, and the glare he directed at her was sufficient to quiet her, at least for the moment. During the final leg of their journey, Severus considered the irony of his current situation. Five years ago, when his daughter Calista had been placed into his custody, she had been a silent and deeply damaged child, rendered selectively mute and decidedly anguished by the torturous actions of her mother, Bellatrix Lestrange. In those days, Severus had feared that she would never speak to him. Now, he was lucky if he could get her to shut up. Not that he minded listening to Calista – not usually. But when he was in the middle of a street crowded with Muggles and she was blathering on about wizarding affairs, he found himself wishing that she would keep quiet once in awhile. Presently, Severus halted in front of a very inconspicuous door, and ushered his daughter through it before entering himself. It was dark and shabby inside, but it was, thankfully, quite cool. That proved to be the Severus' solitary reprieve though, for as soon as he and Calista were inside the Leaky Cauldron, the girl scowled up at him again. "There aren't any Muggles around anymore, so now will you tell me why we had to walk all the way to Diagon Alley?" They had actually taken a bus a good deal of the way, but that hardly seemed worth pointing out to the pouting, dark-haired child before him. He gripped her hand more tightly even as she made to pull it free, and led her to a small table with two chairs. Only when he had surveyed the other occupants of the pub did he let go of Calista's hand, and he nodded towards one of the chairs and ordered ice water for both of them. When they were both seated, Severus looked across the table, his expression remarkably mild. "I've explained this to you, Calista. You're not going to be allowed to use magic outside of class, and you're going to have to learn how to coexist with Muggles. The sooner you are accustomed to this, the better." The involuntary sneer that crossed his face as he uttered the word "Muggles" did little to underscore his point, however. It wasn't his fault; he'd hated being jostled and packed in on the bus just as much as she did. Calista opened her mouth, likely with another sullen response, but their waters arrived and Severus was once again spared, as Calista drank half her water in once sip. When they had both finished drinking, Severus chanced a glance at his daughter and remarked "No one told you to wear your winter cloak, you know." Calista only huffed, but he did notice that, by the time they had reached the walled courtyard behind the pub, she had shed the cloak and carried it over her arm. She was wearing faded purple corduroy trousers and a green-and-white striped top with bright red trainers, and if either of them noticed how ludicrous she looked, neither of them mentioned it. Naturally, the first place that Severus guided Calista once they had entered Diagon Alley proper was the Apothecary. Calista didn't even bother to take out her school list; within moments Severus had found and purchased everything on it, as well as several other parcels for himself. It was one of the perks of having the Hogwarts Potions Master for her father; another was that when they had crossed the narrow lane to the cauldron shop Calista was soon equipped with the sturdiest and highest-quality size 2 pewter cauldron that the shop stocked. As he had anticipated, Calista took quite longer than necessary inside Flourish and Blott's. After an hour had passed, he was obliged to drag her bodily from the Magical Theory section of the bookshop. When she had been younger, Calista had believed that she was a Squib, not realizing that her ability to keep her mother from reading her thoughts was actually a branch of magic called Occlumency. She had been keenly interested in potions books as well as books concerning magical theory, in the hopes that she could find a branch of magic she didn't need inherent talent for, or perhaps a way to discover her own potential. Although she had long since been convinced of her magical ability, her interest in both subjects had shown no sign of waning. By the time Calista had been fitted for robes and equipped with all of her necessary school supplies, the daylight in Diagon Alley was fading, and when Calista begged to take the Floo Network home, he acquiesced. o-o-o-o The night before term started, Calista couldn't sleep at all. She certainly wasn't the only first-year student of Hogwarts having trouble sleeping that night, but while other students tossed and turned in wakeful anticipation of the start of term, Calista was jolted awake for another reason entirely. She had been having one of her nightmares again. Calista sat at the head of her bed, in the small one-windowed room that had been hers ever since the beginning of the summer, when her father had thought it best that she spend some time away from Hogwarts until term started. Until Severus had leased this flat at the beginning of the summer, Calista had lived with him in his professors' quarters at Hogwarts, with the Headmaster's permission. Now, however, that Calista was of school age herself, both the Headmaster and her father thought it best that she have a home outside of the castle. Calista had never been to Spinner's End, and Severus had been determined to keep it that way for some time yet, so instead of taking her there, he had made arrangements to lease a flat in a nice neighbourhood in South London during the summers, so the two of them had a decent place to go home to. Now, Calista was fiercely glad for the moonlight streaming through the window of her bedroom, a luxury she had never had while residing in the dungeons of Hogwarts Castle. Of course, everyone has nightmares form time to time. Calista tried to tell herself this as she shivered in her bed, even though the night was warm. At the foot of her bed she could see the outline of her new school trunk, all packed for tomorrow, and she focused on this tangible object while she willed herself not to call out for her father, with her voice or her mind. She couldn't help but notice the crease of worry that appeared in his forehead whenever she told him she had had another nightmare, and besides she was eleven years old now and ashamed to be frightened by something as inconsequential as a dream. Looking at the trunk caused a new fear to arise in Calista; what if she had a nightmare in her dormitory, and woke all the other girls up, and they all thought she was a dreadful baby? Would her father take house points from them for teasing her? Would that embarrass her even more? Calista scowled at her own thoughts, and lay resolutely down on her side again. She didn't care what anyone else at school thought of her anyway; they were all likely to be simpering fools, and she had far more important things to think about most of the time anyway. She had already decided that her tactic was going to be to hate all the other children first, before they could decide to hate her. Calista closed her eyes, but the images from her most recent nightmare wouldn't stop assaulting her. She had dreamed that she was walking through a hall of mirrors, and in each one of them she saw a reflection that was not her own – it was her mother's. She had been trying to run from her mother in the dream, but the mirrors had confused her and she hadn't known which way to go. Eventually, her mother had caught up to her, had pointed her wand at her, and Calista had woken up in a cold sweat, imagining somehow that knives had flown from her mother's wand and stabbed her all over. Calista sighed, opening her eyes and sitting up again. It was of no use, she wasn't going to get any sleep tonight, not after that dream. She slid off her bed and tiptoed over to the window instead, gazing out at the nearly-full moon. Focusing on the bright, silvery light, she felt brave enough to allow herself to think about her mother. Sometimes, Calista had a hard time remembering exactly what her mother looked like. It wasn't her mother's sharp, elegant cheekbones or piercing dark eyes that haunted her nightmares, but the coldness of her touch, the ferocity with which she hunted her enemies – even, sometimes, her friends. She had spent the first four years of her life with Bellatrix, and vivid nightmares had kept most of the memories fresh. She supposed there might have been a good side to her mother, a time when she had shown some affection for her child, but if it was so, Calista could not remember it clearly. She spent her waking hours firmly pushing everything she remembered about Bellatrix Lestrange into a hidden corner of her mind, but at night the door would fly open and there was nothing Calista could do to stop it. It was as if, somehow, Bellatrix was trying to get in again. Calista shivered again. Earlier that same year, Bellatrix had found a way to lodge her own presence inside her daughter's mind, even though Bellatrix could not reach her physically. Her father had told her that she was locked in Azkaban, but this did little to reassure Calista on nights like these, especially in light of what she'd already managed to accomplish, once, from there. Calista had believed herself to be very strong, but she had not been able to withstand the force of Bellatrix's attack on her mind, and it had been Severus who had employed highly dangerous and likely illegal methods of Legilimency to rescue her. She wondered now if Bellatrix was trying to reach her again somehow, but when she reflected, she didn't feel any different, except that she was frightened. Before, when Bellatrix had attacked her mind, Calista had begun to feel that something was wrong long before