You Can't Love The Dead **[I'm posting this in celebration of finally finishing BoO!] What is up guys, thank you for making it all the way to the sequel series, but if you're new here, here's a crash course: Nico tries to kill himself after the Giant War and Percy saves him only to request Nico stays in Cabin Three as he's lost his shadow-travelling. After a short experience with anorexia, cutting, Persephone, Percy's dead ex-girlfirend's (Annabeth) goodbye letter, sexual tension and some laurel wreaths, Percy and Nico finally admit their love for each other much to the delight of Aphrodite who accounts for all of the reactions of a basic fangirl. Poseidon's okay with it but Hades kinda isn't, Percy heals Nico's scars after Nico thinks Percy was breaking up with him whom then suffered a short bout of amnesia after getting his powers back but they kissed (a lot) and made up and now both are being sent to Camp Jupiter to help rebuild it after Gaia's war. Anyway… This story has more new character interaction, and as impossible as it may seems, more drama. Ugh. Why do I do this to myself? I'm kind of sad because I began to write this, then changed the ending to YCLS, so I had to rewrite this entire first chapter _ Enjoy nonetheless. Warning: this story will still contain explicit sex, kinda rape (how do you have "kinda rape"? ), swearing and violence. Enjoy (And yes, the title is a clue to up coming events…) I OWN NOTHING EXCEPT THE PLOT** ~ 1 ~ "Hey Nico?" Nico di Angelo looked over to his boyfriend, Percy Jackson, son of Poseidon. "Yeah?" They were both tired and hadn't spoken for the last few hours as they rode the bus to Camp Jupiter, only holding hands and taking turns napping. Sure, they could've gone a thousand (faster) different ways, but when Percy suggested rockin' it like mortals for a day, Nico couldn't help but accept. They were on their way to Camp Jupiter because, in the Giant War it had been destroyed when the Greeks collaborated with the Romans there. Before they could launch the last attack, Gaia brought it to them. The demigods won, but the sweeping valley both boys had grown to attached to had been razed. The Romans had happily moved into Camp Half-Blood for the few weeks following, but were anxious to return home. Reyna had requested workers, and Percy had accepted, but only if Nico came. Percy had taken it upon himself to take care of Nico when the son of Hades had tried to kill himself, twice actually. Oh right, the cutting thing. "Why cutting? Like, what made you pick that?" So there they were, only a few minutes away from the place that would be their home for the next few weeks, and Percy was asking Nico the question the boy himself had trouble answering. He looked at Percy with tired eyes. Was he prepared to answer? In his mind, Nico just wanted to get away, forever. The first time, Nico had lost sight of his purpose not only at Camp Half-Blood, but as a demigod and a person. The second time, Nico believed Percy had said he didn't love him, and heartbreak amplified all of his original reasons for dying. But that wasn't what Percy was asking. Nico had told Percy he'd been cutting for three years, even though Nico's body was now bare of scars— the hesitantly accepted gift from Percy. Percy wanted to know why Nico had started . "B-" Nico began, but Percy shushed him. Well then. Nico's first assumption was that Percy had spotted a monster, but Nico turned in his horribly uncomfortable seat to see the familiar tunnel end that was the entrance to Camp Jupiter. Even better, the boys had someone waiting for them. ~ O ~ Nico had noticed a sudden lack of campers the last day that he and Percy had spent in Camp Half-Blood, and Percy had reminded him that all the part-time campers had returned to their schools (Sally said Percy could take a week to help the Romans and make sure Nico was settled in before going back as well). So, Nico didn't know why Rachael Elizabeth Dare was waiting for them at the bus stop next to the service door that served as Camp Jupiter's first defence. And dressed as a Greek goddess, no less. The boys raced off the bus and Rachael grinned at them. Before she could speak, Percy caught her in a bear hug. "Whoa there, Percy, save some for your boyfriend," She said through laughs. Right, Nico reminded himself, O racle stuff, of course Rachael knows. "Hey Nico," Rachael said, softer, and went over to hug the younger demigod. He attempted a smile and greeted her back. He'd been prepared to tell Percy, then Rachael had interrupted. Nico fought the urge to blame the girl. Grudges had always been his weakness, but Percy had shown him the importance of forgiveness. Anyway, it's not like Rachael had planned it. Nico looked at the Oracle. Or did she? Nico had just enough time to shoot Rachael a questioning look before Percy spoke. "What's with the get up?" Percy asked, biting back giggles. Rachael looked down at her gown. "Oh, school dress-up day. I thought it would be funny, y'know, an inside joke." Her serious face took over. "Didn't know I'd get a message to meet you guys here. Together, no less." Neither of the demigods knew exactly what Rachael was trying to get at with that comment, but she continued anyway. "I'm glad to see you guys are happy with each other." She said. She and Percy continued to talk and catch up, but Nico was struck. He felt a sudden, horrible weight settle in his gut, turning around, Nico looked back into the now-empty tunnel. He looked into the shadows, almost watching Rachael's words echo further and further into the darkness. He wasn't afraid of the dark. He wasn't. I'm glad to see you guys are happy with each other The words echoed not only down the tunnel, but inside Nico's mind. You guys are happy with each other Gods, what was with the sudden onslaught of nausea? You guys are happy Nico didn't feel like it was his voice anymore. With each other Why couldn't Nico stop the words? You guys Staring into the dark tunnel, Nico wasn't afraid of the dark. Are happy He wasn't. He really wasn't. With each other He was afraid of what was in the dark. ~ O ~ Percy looked over to Nico, who was staring into the tunnel they were nearly out of. Rachael stopped talking her mortal drabble once they both saw Nico's expression. To say Nico looked like he'd seen a ghost just wouldn't cut it. Nico looked like he'd just seen his own corpse. "Nico?" Percy relaxed once Nico turned to face him. "I love you." Those three words held huge meaning to anyone, but it was the key phrase Percy and Nico shared. It represented so much of what they shared, but mostly when Percy had started freaking out in the lake back at Camp Half-Blood and Nico reassured Percy he'd done nothing wrong. Nico's pained expression relaxed. Percy knew Nico had gone through so much more than him, not only in their Tartarus episodes but in life. It was only fair that Nico had his freak out moments, as long as it didn't end with him cutting. Percy simply assumed Nico was getting lost in a memory, staring into the tunnel, and knew to ease Nico out of it. Rachael was watching the two intently. "Percy," Nico said with a small smile which Percy returned in full. "I lo—" Nico suddenly collapsed. Percy caught him before he hit the ground, and told Rachael to get to camp and get help. Percy turned back to Nico, who was holding his head, obviously in pain. It reminded Percy, horribly enough, of when he'd once pulled Nico too deep in the lake. The pressure, Percy heard, was excruciating. But they were above ground— well, in a tunnel. Percy knew being underground could have similar effects, but it shouldn't have mattered; underground was Nico's father's domain, if anything, Nico was more comfortable underground. Percy knew Nico could be agoraphobic at the best of times. Not thinking and just knowing he needed to move Nico, Percy slung the younger boy's arm over his shoulders and lugged him toward the door Rachael had managed to get open. It wasn't hard, even Romans know to open the doors for a goddess, Greek or not. Or at least, what appears to be a goddess. The were more than a little surprised when what was obviously a mortal burst in, followed by Percy Jackson and a not-great-looking Nico di Angelo. As soon as they were out in the open air, though, Nico said he was fine. "Are you kidding me?" Percy asked, squinting in the sudden sunlight. Nico still got out of Percy's grasp. "Really, Percy. I said I'm fine." Nico implored. Giving his boyfriend a we're talking about this later look, Percy turned back to Rachael. By now, more than a few sentries had turned their attention to the girl. "You're late," The familiar voice of Reyna Ramirez-Arellano caught everyone's attention. Percy straightened up, Rachael pulled an innocent face and Nico, much to the surprise of everyone, went over to hug the praetor. She happily returned it, dropping the formal aura. "Hey Rara, " Nico teased, and everyone braced themselves for one beheaded Greek. Reyna simply laughed and moved on to greet Percy, stopping at Rachael. "Picked up a new one?" Reyna asked. "Actually—" Percy began, but Rachael interrupted. " I'm Rachael Dare, Oracle of Camp Half-Blood." She said, extending a hand. Percy grimaced at her introduction. The head of Camp Jupiter examined Rachael's extended with a passive expression, but didn't take it. She gave a questioning glance to Percy: does this girl know any Roman etiquette at all? Percy shook his head. Rachael caught their silent conversation and withdrew her hand. "Well, Rachael Dare, I suppose you'll be staying." Rachael responded with a grin. "Nico can show you to the Ambassador's cabin. Percy, if you will," Percy nodded, and followed Reyna after pecking Nico on the cheek, which left the younger boy blushing furiously and a few Romans chuckling. ~ O ~ "How's Malcolm?" Nico asked Rachael as the two walked to the barracks. A dozen demigods were undercover at Rachael's school, protecting the Oracle. Nico was most familiar with Malcolm, that being said, he had never talked to the guy. "He's… Good." Rachael said quietly. Nico stole a glance at her to see why she was being so quiet, and was more than surprised to see her blushing. Surely… Rachael caught his look and playfully hit his arm. Nico was about to ask what sent Rachael to Caldecott Tunnel, but Jason came jogging up to them. "Hey guys," He said, and the Greeks greeted him back. Nico's good mood was suddenly soured. Ever since Jason had come back to Camp Half-Blood to "console" Percy over Nico's hospital visit, Nico couldn't help but acknowledge his own possessiveness over Percy, especially to other boys' affections. It didn't help that Jason was asking about Percy. Nico was just tuning into the conversation between Jason and Rachael when a new voice caught everyone's attention. "Where is she?! This is blasphemy!" Nico groaned at the sight of a scrawny blond making his way to the trio. Nico leaned over to one now-quite-nervous Rachael. "Octavian, augur." Was all he could make before Octavian was upon them. A crowd was drawing, and Jason tried to step in Octavian's way. The smaller boy simply pushed the praetor out of the way. Octavian took one step toward Rachael and was suddenly holding a knife. Observers cried out, and Jason would've been too