This was just a little story idea I had a few weeks ago. Multi-chapter, lot of OCs, and I'll be expanding upon the vaguely-described topics that SMeyer threw out in Breaking Dawn as well as addressing some of the major plot-holes. This story is VERY Lauren-centric, and not Cullen-friendly. I really appreciate writing critique, as I'm constantly trying to improve. I am grateful to all of you who choose to give this a chance, and if there's something you don't like, feel free to let me know. I'm open to PMs as well. Thank you very much, and enjoy! Obligatory Disclaimer: I do not own, and do not wish to own, any of Stephenie Meyer's works, concepts, or creations. "I'm sorry, miss; could you step over to the side here?" Lauren fought the urge to roll her eyes as she hurried to the spot the security agent had pointed to. Masses of tired-eyed people shuffled through the checkpoint, passing her as they took the next step on their respective vacations. This part of the airport smelled like cheap cologne and sweat and feet. Lauren wrinkled her nose as she checked her watch. Mom's gonna kill me if we miss our flight , she thought. Glancing over to the screen outside of the AIT machine that showed the rough outline of a human body, she noticed the telltale yellow 'alarm' rectangle covering the left knee. She looked down at her own legs and bit back a sigh of frustration. I'm wearing shorts, people... Her mom and dad were standing at the item return belt, pulling on their shoes and hurrying to move their trays out of the way of the exhausted-looking crowds. Samantha Mallory, a pretty, middle-aged woman with dirty-blonde hair, turned around with her daughter's shoes in hand and looked at her surroundings with an almost comically confused expression. When her eyes stopped on the short-haired teenager standing in bare feet on the frigid tiles, she raised a brow, a bemused grin on her face. Lauren gave a dramatic shrug and returned the grin, wide-eyed in quiet exasperation. Her face quickly fell back into apathy as a female TSA agent moved to stand in front of her. The husky looking woman slowly roved her eyes up and down the teen's legs, patted the front pockets of Lauren's shorts, shook her head, and waved her hand dismissively. Lauren half-ran over to her parents and hurriedly pulled on her flip-flops before taking her backpack from her dad. "What was that all about?" he asked jokingly. "No idea. Some sort of—" she paused as she fumbled for the second strap, straining to see it over her shoulder. "Some sort of counting thing. Tyler said they set off the alarm for every hundred people for no reason." "It's 'Tyler said' again , huh?" Her mom smiled and turned around, leading them to the terminal. "Tyler sure knows a lot of stuff." "I guess so," Lauren's face suddenly felt very warm. "He's...nice." "I thought so when you two dated, or whatever that was you kids did in tenth grade. The Homecoming thing. What college is he going to?" "Same as most people at school. University of Washington. Or Peninsula . Hasn't decided." She couldn't help but feel a bit sad as the words came out. Tyler, Angela, Mike, Jessica, Eric...hell, Samantha was going all the way to frigging North Carolina for pre-law studies at Duke. A full ride to a cross-country, private university. That'd been the talk of the school for months before they all graduated. Her mom glanced back over her shoulder. "If you really want to stay with your friends—" "No," Lauren shook her head quickly, trying to jolt away any traces of the pessimistic attitude. "I want the best college I can get. You guys paid for that interview at CalTech last year, and I'm going to keep that scholarship they said they could give me. I want this. I can't give it up for a few friends," Even though Tyler and Jess're really the only ones I can call friends anymore. "It's not like the colleges are a thousand miles apart." "Okay...if you say so." The tone was almost apologetic, but Lauren could easily hear the note of pride in her mother's voice. Her dad seemed to agree. College had been the biggest focus for Lauren's family the last two years, and the financial aid grant was the only reason they were able to take an extended trip to Europe that summer. All those essay contests, all those applications, all that mind-numbing soul searching and penny-begging from admissions offices ...she let herself give a self-satisfied smirk. Fucking luckiest girl in the world, right here. Those back-breaking mazes had led to enough scholarship bonds to pay for her first year of college, and the California Institute of Technology had apparently been impressed enough with her that eighty percent of her tuition was completely eradicated, providing she kept her grades way up there. Her parents had apparently been impressed enough with her that a vacation to Europe was immediately planned. 'Because you won't have enough money to go anywhere for the next million years', her dad had teased. Thanks, guys , she thought as they seated themselves in the plastic terminal chairs. For putting up with my shit. And everything else . They'd managed to stay supportive of Lauren even when the world tried to crash and burn around her. That modeling scam—please, she was going to get her hair cropped short anyway—where Lauren had cried herself to sleep for a week, the Advanced Placement classes that left her awake until the morning hours most days, all through the difficult times they kept the belief that, no matter what, Lauren was going to be someone . She wouldn't get stuck in a small town because jobs were too unstable elsewhere. She'd finish college and enter the world, guns blazing. They told her, a million times, that Lauren would never have to deal with the inconveniences they had. It didn't matter if she was a model or an insurance saleswoman or an engineer, only that she had the opportunity to achieve it. Lauren ran her fingers through the five-or-so inches of hair on her head as she watched the people around her. An elderly woman entertained a small granddaughter with a monkey handpuppet. A teenage boy, about Lauren's age, sat two seats down; the Screamo in his headphones was audible. A large man in a Blondie T-shirt typed furiously on a laptop. Mom had always told her to appreciate the stories people told, the paths they were on. Everyone had a different one, and it was amazing that they sometimes led to the same place. Absolutely incredible . Her eyes flashed to her carry-on as her phone suddenly buzzed loudly, the screen lighting up blue and yellow. Lauren grinned when she pulled the LG out of the mesh pocket, pressing the green button to let the thing know that yes, she did want to read the new text. She was happy to see that the message was from Jess: You just HAD to leave today. Of all days. Lauren quickly slid the keyboard out from her phone to respond: Finally got back to me. I missing something back in town? Plane's gonna be called in a few. She didn't bother to close her phone as she waited for an answer. Thankfully, Jessica never failed to respond quickly: Have fun in Paris then. I'M stuck here for the wedding. Mom's making me wear the WORST dress. A giggle burst from Lauren before she could stop herself. The wedding. Holy shit, how'd she even forget that ? Bella Swan and Edward Cullen. The policeman's daughter and new-money's son. Fancy-schmancy invitations had gone out to every house in Forks a month before. Even the Mallory family got one. Lauren's mom had taken one look at the pretentious white bows, the swoopy, stuck-up lettering, the too-expensive paper and asked, 'Do you really even want to go?' before tossing the frilly thing into the trash. From what Lauren had heard from her friends, they were all going because there really wasn't anything better to do. And hey; free food and music, plus a house so big no one'd notice if something broke. She remembered that house, too. She remembered that it was big and open and white, pulsating disconcertingly in flashing strobe lights. Moving through it was like trying to walk on snow or something, where there were no visible edges or angles. White walls, white carpet, mostly white furniture. Only saving grace was the overlooking view of the woods to the river. The main thing that stuck with Lauren was that there had been latches on the giant windows. The back of the house overlooked a fifty-foot dropoff. The hell'd they need to open those windows for? Base jumping? Hahaha I totally forgot. Tell me if they're as awkward as they were at the graduation party , she typed back . And I bet you look awesome in your dress. Better than Bella will in hers. I promise. LOL. Wanna bet? This reply came with a semi-fuzzy picture of Jess in some kind of black, boxy piece of fabric. Lauren's eyebrows shot up in offense. Jessica had curves that were made to be shown off, not filled in like that. The saving grace came in the form of her curly hair, pinned up with a really gorgeous, glittering clip. The fake-diamond costume one Jess had worn to Prom, Lauren knew. Cheap, but it looked amazing on her. Lauren showed the picture to her mom, who shook her head. "The hair's the best thing there. Don't know what Helen was thinking with that outfit, though," Samantha Mallory said. "Tell Jess I say she looks amazing anyway." Mom says she loves the hair. Tell me how the food is at the reception? Lauren leaned back against the chair. Tell your mom I said hi! And idk if I'm gonna eat. Gonna be something too fancy for me, I bet. Alice laughed at me when I asked what some of the stuff at the grad party was, said the reply. They really ARE assholes, though! But you HAVE to tell me if Bella's showing yet. Lauren Anne Mallory! You were the one who thought it first. And I think you're right. Who else gets married right outta high school? I know. I feel really bad for their parents. Mr. Swan mostly. Remember when the Cullens moved away last year? That POOR guy. Bella was a fucking zombie. Was she seriously like that at home too? I've never been to her house. Picked her up from her place once. Didn't look back at her dad when she left. Not really a goodbye either. Then she almost got me killed, remember? Lauren did. Do you get why I stayed away from her? Now, yeah. She's not even talking to any of us. Just hangs out with the Cullens 24/7. She's a toxic person. And those guys creep me out, Jess. Bella's obsessed with them. Try n talk to her and she starts zoning out cuz her boyfriend's standing right behind you. He's SCARY. Don't know how you ever liked him. Eh. It was the hair. I think he needs to do something for his skin, though. And his personality. Dead fish, much? Mike's better. His puppy-dog eyes are the cutest thing! Okay, lovesick! I'm happy for you two, though. You and Tyler need to get back together! Go to the movies or something when you get back to America! HOP ON DAT ASS. Right, Jess. Right. Whoops gotta go! Sorry! Mom says she's gonna take my phone from me if I don't finish up my makeup soon so we can leave. Have fun in Europe! Take pics! Miss ya, Lauren! Have fun at the wedding! Don't fall asleep! The plastic casing clicked as Lauren slid the keyboard shut. Miss you too, Jess ,