Summary: Written for the Fandom for Suicide Awareness. Years ago, Bella let Edward go so that he could follow his dreams and not her. Now, a tragedy brings her home for the first time in two years. Can Bella find the strength to let Edward in? Or is she destined to be...lonely? AH. M for language and lemons. D isclaimer: All characters are the express right of Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement intended. AN: This story was written for the Fandom for Suicide Awareness. Suicide affects millions of people every day. I was once in a place where I thought it was the answer, but I was lucky...not everyone takes the second chance that is given to them. Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy. Special thanks to my beta toocute24, thanks Sally. Also to DanaLynn for prereading, I appreciate your honesty! **Tissue Warning** Lonely I blew the whistle and watched as the dolphins jumped out of the water and flipped, before landing smoothly back in the water. I blew again and took them through the routine they would do later this afternoon. Once I was satisfied they had all of their tricks down, another whistle blow brought them to me. I knelt down and offered them each a fish as a reward and talked to them like any loving parent would. "You did well today my lovelies." The answering cackles made me smile. "Bella, there's a phone call for you." I turned after giving the dolphins a quick rub and pat. After tossing them each another fish, I walked in the direction of my office. "Thanks, Mak." I stepped into my office and shut the door before I picked up the receiver and placed it to my ear. "This is Bella." "Bella, honey, this is Esme Cullen." "Hi, Esme! What's up?" I heard Esme sigh before she answered. "Oh, sweetie, I wish I could tell you nothing, but that would be a lie. Sweetheart, you need to come home." I sat up in my chair, instantly on alert. "What? Why?" "Bella, baby, your...it's your mom." I felt my heart skid to a stop. "I'll be on the next flight." "Alright, I'll have one of the boys pick you up." I hung up the phone and grabbed my bag and my cell before running out the door. As I drove to my apartment, I made a call to my boss, letting him know that I had a family emergency and was needed back in Washington. He understood, and told me to keep him posted. I called the airline while I packed my bag, and managed to get a flight that was leaving in three hours. That left me plenty of time to call a cab, get to the airport, and get through security. I would land in Port Angeles two hours later. I shot off a quick text to Esme and let her know my flight information. As I climbed in the cab, I could only hope Edward wasn't the one to pick me up from the airport. ~~FSA~~ The flight was smooth, and before I knew it, I was landing in Port Angeles. I followed the flow of passengers as I made my way from the plane. Once I was through, I headed for the baggage claim. I had just picked up my one suitcase when I heard my name called. I turned at the voice and saw Emmett stalking toward me. "Hi, Em!" I smiled. "Welcome home, Bells." He picked me up in a big bear hug. "Can't breathe, Em." "Oh, sorry. Is this it?" he asked, indicating my suitcase. I nodded and he picked it up as we headed to his waiting jeep. "So, Emmett, can you tell me what the hell is going on? Your mom was very cryptic." Emmett sighed deeply. "I want to, Bells, but I think it would be better coming from Charlie." I huffed and turned to stare out the window. I must have fallen asleep, because the next thing I knew the jeep was rumbling to a stop and the engine died. I opened my eyes and took in my childhood home. One shutter was hanging precariously to the side, and the flower beds were overgrown. What the hell? I had never seen the house in this shape. I immediately opened my door and walked to the front door, Emmett on my heels carrying my bag. The front door swung open just as I got to the first step, and my father walked out. He looked like he had aged ten years, and it had only been six months since I had last seen him. "Bells..." he choked out as he gathered me in his arms. "Dad, what is it?" I pulled back to look him in the eye. "Let's go inside and we'll talk." I followed him inside. The living room was covered in dust and there was mail covering every surface. I watched as Emmett set my suitcase down, kissed my cheek, and then left without a word. "Dad, where's Mom?" I heard a sob catch in his throat and turned to look back at him just as Esme came around the corner. Seeing her here set something off in me. "Will someone tell me what the fuck is going on!?" Esme came forward slowly. "Bella, baby, sit down." I sat on the edge of the couch, my body tense and waited for some answers. I looked to my broken father, and suddenly it dawned on me, my mom was gone. I felt the tears build and looked at Esme. "What happened?" "Your mom...well, there's no easy way to say this..." "She left us Bella. Your mother went upstairs while I was at work and slit her wrists. She's dead!" Charlie stormed. "Charlie!" Esme shrieked. The tears spilled out of my eyes and onto my cheeks. I couldn't wrap my brain around it; my mother was dead, by her own hand. "Why? Did she leave a note?" Charlie sank into his recliner and began to cry. "Oh, Bella. We never told you this because we wanted to spare you the pain. Right after you left for college, your mom and I found out she was pregnant. We were so thrilled, we never thought we would have another child. Right before Christmas that year, your mom suffered a miscarriage. She was devastated—we both were. Your mother put on a brave front so that we could make it through the holidays for you, but she sank into a depression shortly after that she was just never able to get out of." "Dad, that was five years ago. I would have noticed. Mom always seemed fine during my visits." Esme held onto my hand. "Carlisle had given her some antidepressants, but she eventually stopped taking them. That coincided right around the time you stopped coming home." I stood up, walked to the window, and stared out to the street. "So right about the time my life fell apart, hers did, too." I would never forget the summer I decided not to come home anymore. That was the summer I found Edward in our meadow...with her. "Bella, you can't blame yourself, honey; your mom was sick." Charlie came up behind me. "I tried for years to make her happy. I just wasn't enough anymore." I nodded. "I need some air," I said before I grabbed a jacket off the hook by the door and walked out into the crisp day. It was still cool in Forks for late spring. I guess I was just used to California weather. I walked so long that I found myself outside of Forks Elementary School. I walked to the playground and sat on the swings. I don't know how long I sat there, lost in my thoughts and memories, but it had started to grow dark. Still, I didn't get up. It couldn't have been dark for long when the headlights slashed through the parking lot. I looked up, wishing instantly I hadn't. "How did you find me?" "There are only two places you would go, and you haven't been to one in a couple of years." His voice was still like velvet. "Yeah, well...we both know why I don't go there, anymore. What do you want, Edward?" He sat on the swing next to mine. "You haven't been back in hours. My mom and your dad sent me to find you." "Well, you found me; you can go now," I spat. "Dammit, Bella! When are you gonna forgive me? We weren't together anymore, remember? That was your decision, not mine." "I don't care whose decision it was. You still shouldn't have taken her there! That place was sacred!" I could feel the anger pouring off of me. "Look, I can't deal with this right now. I just found out my mother killed herself because she was so depressed from losing a sibling I knew nothing about. Just go away." My voice broke and I hated it. I didn't want to be weak in front of him. Edward sighed. "I'm sorry, Bella. I never meant to hurt you." He stood up and leaned down, pressing his lips to my forehead. "Call Alice when you're ready to go home." I watched as he went back to his car and drove away. ~~FSA~~ Over the next several days, I helped my father prepare for and bury my mother. I had called my boss and taken a month-long leave so I could help my dad through his grief and heal from my own. Two days after her funeral found me sitting in front of her tombstone. Renee Swan Beloved wife and mother 1968 to 2012 I don't know how long I sat there until I decided to speak. "I am so angry with you. You left without considering anyone else's feelings. You kept so many secrets from me. I think this is the most selfish thing you have ever done, but what's the use in being mad at you? You're not here to explain yourself. You're not here to tell me that you love me. I miss you, Mom. How could I have had no clue as to what you were hiding? You're going to miss so much now. My wedding, my babies...how am I supposed to do that without you, Mom?" "You just do." I turned and saw my best friends walking toward me. Alice and Rosalie had been my friends since the Cullens moved here in the eighth grade. People in town had called us the 'three musketeers'. Where one was, the others weren't far behind. Rosalie and I had started dating the twins at about the same time that Alice had started dating Rose's brother, Jasper. Emmett, Edward, and Jasper had all been a year ahead of us in school, but that hadn't mattered to any of us. We had all been like family ever since. Well, until Edward and I had broken up, that is. "How'd you know where I was?" I watched as they folded themselves down to sit beside me. "Your dad." Rose smiled. I nodded. "Thanks for coming." We sat there for a while, reminiscing about some of the fun times we had with my mom, before finally getting up and heading to the diner for some lunch. Emmett and Jasper were supposed to be meeting us there. As we sat and waited for the guys to get there, I brought up Alice's upcoming wedding. "How are the wedding plans coming?" Alice smiled and took a sip of her water. "Good. While you're here, we'll drive up to Port Angeles and get you fitted for your dress." "Sounds good to me." A loud laugh sounded, and we knew that the guys were here. "Jasper stop them. I'm gonna lose my appetite." "Shut up, Emmett," Alice whined. "You already got your wedding; let me have mine." "Sorry, Ali. So, Bells, are you gonna be in this one, too?" Emmett questioned. "Of course. Ali,