Summary: Entry for Lyrics to Life Contest. He knew that she was only there for a week to visit her cousin, but that didn't stop him. He fell for her and fell hard. He never forgot her, but did she forget him? AH E/B Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: Hourglass Name: momma2fan Pairing: E/B Rating: M Word Count: 5,161 Beta/Pre-reader: toocute24 and Bee1982 Song: Roller Coaster by Luke Bryan Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. EPOV I leaned against the railing on the pier and stared out over the water, allowing myself to remember. It had been one week during the summer over two years ago, but I had never forgotten her. The way she smelled, her smile, her laugh. I remembered every touch, every kiss, everything. I had known when I met her that she was only in town for a short while, but I couldn't stay away. I'll never forget the way she looked when I met her. ~~RC~~ "Hey, E, man, are you coming to Rosalie's party?" Emmett mumbled as he stumbled into the kitchen, still half asleep. "I doubt it, Em. I have a shift in the ER today," I sighed. I loved being a doctor, but I missed being able to hang with my friends whenever I wanted. "Aw, man. You have to come," Emmett tried to convince me. "Rose's cousin is in town to visit. Man, she is smokin'!" "Emmett, what would Rose say if she heard you talking about her cousin like that?" I laughed. "Eh, you know Rose." I smiled because I did know Rose. She would say that she didn't give a shit because she knew whose bed Emmett would be in at the end of the night. He could look, but not touch. "Look, Edward, just come for a little bit. I'm sure the party will still be in full swing by the time you get off." Emmett pulled the milk from the fridge and proceeded to drink straight from the carton, causing me to grimace. "Don't you start vacation after today anyway?" he asked as he put it back. "Yeah, I do. Alright, Em, I'll come. Now get out of here so I can go." I all but shoved him out of the kitchen. "And dude, you need to replace the milk. I am so not drinking that shit with your backwash!" Emmett's laugh followed me out of the house. ~~RC~~ My shift at the hospital was long and uneventful. It was exactly what I hated in the ER—no real emergencies except for the idiot that decided it was a good idea to put his hand on his grill. Or the woman who thought that her thumb was part of the carrot that she was chopping. By the time my shift was over, I was ready for my vacation. I stopped by the house that I shared with Emmett and grabbed a shower. I changed into a pair of cargo shorts and a T-shirt, and after throwing on my sneakers and grabbing my wallet, phone and keys, I locked the door. I made the short walk to Rosalie's house and around to the back gate. Rose's yard was full of people—some I knew, some I didn't. I looked around and spotted Emmett leaning against a tree talking to his girlfriend and the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. He spotted me and waved, "Yo, Eddie! You made it." I hated it when he called me 'Eddie' and he fucking knew it, but he didn't listen. I nodded my head at him before walking to the cooler and grabbing a beer. I looked around the yard, greeting those that I knew. After I finished my first beer, I grabbed another and then walked over to where Emmett was standing. "Eddie..." Emmett guffawed. "Stop calling me Eddie, Emmy," I growled. "How about both of you stop," Rosalie complained, then smiled at me. "Edward, I want you to meet my cousin. Bella, this is Edward." I held out my hand to her and felt a spark fly across my flesh when her hand met mine. "Nice to meet you." "You, too." She blushed slightly and quickly pulled her hand away. "How was the hospital tonight, Edward?" Rose asked. She was an ER nurse and had started her vacation today. "Boring. You're lucky that you started your vacation today," I smiled. "Are you a doctor, Edward?" Bella asked quietly. I looked at her and smiled. "Yeah, I'm an ER attending at SeaSide Memorial." "Wow, you're so young," Bella said as she brought her Bacardi Breezer up to her lips. "I'm twenty-eight. Is that still young?" I couldn't help but laugh, especially when a beautiful blush spread across her cheeks. "Well, yes. But you don't look that age. I was thinking twenty- four." Bella smiled easily at me. "And how old are you?" I watched the smiled spread across her face as she told me that she was twenty-two and had just graduated from college. We continued to talk, not even noticing when Emmett and Rosalie wandered away, leaving us alone. The hours passed and I never wanted to leave her side. She had to be one of the brightest and most beautiful women I had ever conversed with. We didn't even notice when the yard cleared out or when Rose and Emmett began to clean up. "Wow, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to monopolize your entire evening." I wasn't really sorry, but I didn't want her to know that. "It's fine. I enjoyed talking to you," Bella smiled. "Would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow?" "Oh, um..." Bella pulled her bottom lip between her teeth and gnawed on it nervously. "There's a bonfire on the beach tomorrow night. I promised Rose I would go." I nodded. "Okay." "Are you...do you want to come?" I grinned at her. "How about I pick you up and we walk over together?" "Sounds good." Bella and I helped Emmett and Rose pick up after the party. Once we had twelve trash bags out by the curb, we all sat down and talked for another few hours. It was almost dawn before I finally got up to leave. Bella walked me to the gate, and I pushed a loose piece of hair behind her ear as I leaned down to kiss her cheek. "I'll see you tomorrow, beautiful." She blushed again and I felt my dick twitch in my pants. Down boy. "Okay. Goodnight, Edward." I walked home that night with a spring in my step. ~~RC~~ I woke up the next afternoon with a hard on like I had never known, and I knew it had something to do with the brown-eyed beauty that had haunted my dreams all night. I stumbled into the bathroom and turned on the shower. I ran it as cold as I could, refusing to rub one out with the image of her in my head. I thought of every female relative I had, and when that didn't help, I pictured Emmett naked. That did the trick. Once I was clean and feeling normal, I got out of the shower and wrapped a towel around my waist. I then wiped the condensation from the mirror before grabbing my shaving cream and razor. When my face was smooth, I tried to tame the hair on my head to no avail. With all the cowlicks I had, that was a losing battle. I finally gave up and went to get dressed. After pulling on a pair of boardshorts and a black wife beater, I left my room and went into the kitchen. "Mowning, Efwad," Emmett greeted with a mouthful of Cheerios. "Morning." I grabbed a coffee cup and filled it to the brim. After I took a sip, I sat down at the table. "When did you get in?" "Now," he said after swallowing. He got up and put his bowl in the sink. "Bella says that you're joining us for the bonfire." "Yeah. I'm gonna walk her to it. Man, Em, she is stunning." "Uh-oh. Ed, man, don't get too attached. She's leaving on Sunday." "I know. It'll be fine." Emmett shook his head, patted me on the back, and then left the kitchen. I spent the majority of my afternoon being domestic—something that all men hate; I was no exception. Once I was done with those duties, I plopped on the couch and found a ball game. "You ready?" Emmett came around the corner an hour later. "Yeah, let me grab my shirt." As soon as I was ready, we took off toward Rose's. As we passed old Mrs. Cope's house, I reached down and plucked a pretty bloom to give to Bella. I followed Emmett through the gate and smiled when I saw Rose and Bella sitting on the swing outside waiting for us. Bella had a Bacardi in her hand and a smile on her face. She got up when she saw me. "Hey!" "Hey," I smiled at her. "This is for you." I handed her the pink bud and was graced with a vibrant smile, as well as a kiss to the cheek. "Thanks. It's beautiful." I took that moment to look at her. She was wearing a pair of jean cutoffs and a blue tank top, with a cross hanging on her neck. Her sunglasses were pushed up on her head, keeping her long brown locks out of her face. She wore very little makeup and had a gloss on her lips that caused them to shimmer. "Ready?" She nodded and grabbed the bag at her feet. "See you, Rosie." "Have fun, Bells." We walked to the beach laughing and telling stories. I never wanted the evening to end. I wanted to keep her to myself. As we got closer to the section where the bonfire would be, I noticed that both of us slowed our pace. There was an empty bench still on the boardwalk, but close to the sand. I sank down on it, but quickly jumped up. Bella's laughter caused my own to bubble up to the surface. "Hey," I acted insulted. "That was hot!" That only caused her to laugh harder, then push me back down. When she did, I pulled her down with me. She sank down to my lap and I wrapped my arms around her as we watched the waves crash to the shore. I finally cleared my throat and squeezed her a bit. "We should probably get over there." Bella nodded, but made no move to get up. Instead she turned in my lap and looked into my eyes. I never could have predicted what she did next. I watched as she leaned forward and placed her lips gently to mine. I was fully prepared to keep it light, but when she traced her tongue along my lower lip, that went out the window. I reveled in the taste of her on my tongue. She was like Bacardi and summer...sweet and a little intoxicating. I could have stayed forever wrapped in her heaven. When that kiss ended, I knew I was in trouble. I chose not to dwell on her impending departure and instead focused on the now. We joined the others at the bonfire, sitting in a spot near Emmett and Rose and close to the flames, but still far enough away that we had a small semblance of privacy. Bella sat between my outstretched legs and I wrapped my arms around her. From that evening on we were inseparable. ~~RC~~ "Edward, what are we doing?" Bella laughed as I pulled her down the sand. "Look," I pointed up to the pier. "We're going to the carnival?" I nodded. "I'm gonna win you a stuffed animal and then we can ride that roller coaster." Bella giggled. "Is it safe? It's old and rusty." "The sea salt in the air does that. Trust me,