Summary: When Bella ran away from her wedding, she never thought she would see the green eyes of the man she really wanted again. How will she react when he shows up five years later in the small town that she settled in? Written for F4OK..AH/M, E/B. Dedicated to all survivors! I Don't, I Do I stood staring at my reflection in the mirror. Slowly, I traced the lace that adorned my sleeve and grimaced at the feel. Although I looked the part, I didn't feel like a bride. I was nineteen, he was twenty-five. I had only been eighteen when I met him and entered into our whirlwind relationship. I never really thought I could have anything in common with a man his age. I thought for sure he would think I was a silly little girl, but my best friend had encouraged me to find out. We began dating and I thought I fell in love. So when he proposed six months after our first date, I excitedly accepted. Then the planning started, and I felt like I was drowning in invitations and place settings. His family was so huge that there would be well over five hundred people in attendance. My side of the church was going to be woefully devoid of guests. The closer that the day came, the more I wanted to run and hide. My best friend said that it was just nerves, but I didn't agree. I felt like there was something very wrong. Surely a woman should be excited when it came to planning her wedding. Me—I felt like I was being led to the guillotine. The day had finally arrived, and I was so scared I was making myself sick. My makeup had to be reapplied several times, since I kept sweating it off. Finally, after what seemed like days, I was left alone until it was time. So there I stood, looking at the girl in the mirror and not seeing myself. "I can't do this," I whispered to my reflection. I looked around the room and found a pen and a piece of paper, quickly scrawling out a note. I then carefully removed my dress and slipped back into my jeans and T-shirt. After placing my engagement ring with the note, I quietly let myself out of the room and down the empty corridor to the exit. As I made my way down the front steps of the church, I turned back one last time and met those eyes—the eyes that would haunt me for the next five years. Five years later... I sat at the table drinking my coffee and reading a book—the same routine I'd had for the last five years. Every Monday morning, I walked to the little diner a block from my apartment and stayed for about three hours. Jim and his wife, Vicki, had become good friends of mine. Through them, I had met my roommates Alice and Emmett, along with their significant others, Jasper and Rosalie. When I left Seattle after running out on my own wedding, I had no real destination in mind. I just knew that I had to get as far away as possible. I made it all the way into California before my car finally quit on me in the small coastal town of Reedsville. I liked it so well I decided to stay. I found a job as the librarian in the town library when Mrs. Cope decided to retire. Every Monday, the one day the library opened late, I would sit at a table by the window in Vic's diner, have my coffee, and read for a bit. That had been my routine for five years. I never thought anything could change it, but I wasn't expecting him. ~~F4OK~~ "Morning, Bella." I looked over and smiled at Vicki. "Morning, Vic. How are things this morning?" "I can't complain. Can I get you your usual?" "Please," I smiled. I sat down and pulled out my copy of The Notebook, getting lost in the world of Allie and Noah. I had just finished my first cup of coffee and was looking up to get Vic's attention for a refill when I saw him. My sharp intake of breath alerted him to my presence and he came strolling over. "Well, well...if it isn't the runaway bride." "What are you doing here?" I asked nervously, looking around. "I just moved here," he said as he sat down across from me. "I'm the new sheriff." "Great," I muttered. "Refill, Bells?" Vic asked as she walked over with the pot. "No, um, I think I'm gonna head out." I handed her a few bills and then stood up. Chancing a glance back, I saw that he was watching me with an amused expression as I left. I could only hope that no one had followed him here. Sitting behind my desk a few hours later, I heard the bell at the front. I got up to walk out of the office, only to stop in the doorway. "What are you doing here? What do you want?" "Hello to you, too," he chuckled. "I'm serious. Does he know that you're here?" "Bella, Garrett isn't coming. I left town...I had to." Concern creased my brow and had me stepping closer. "What happened?" "Okay, um, well you know that I saw you that day, right?" I nodded so he continued. "Well, Gar knew that I had been sitting outside the church, so he asked if I had seen you. I, um...well, I kinda lied." "Why?" "Because, Bella, you didn't belong with Garrett. Everyone could see that. Hell, he even knew that, but it had gone too far for him to stop it. His...our family, they put certain expectations on him. He just didn't want them to think that he had failed. Then you bailed." "I'm sorry. I just stood there in that room and realized that I didn't love him like that." "Hey, don't apologize to me. Anyway, I had to leave because...uh, well, Kate and I started seeing each other, but then I found out that she wasn't exactly faithful." "Who?" I had to know even though I already suspected the answer. "Garrett." I nodded. "She always pushed me to be with him. I guess I should have known it was so that she could get closer. I'm sorry she did that to you, though." "I'm not." He smiled, and I felt something stir in me that I hadn't felt before. "Alright, then, I'm going to go and walk around the town. See you around." "Okay." I moved to head back to my office, but before going in, I turned one last time. "Hey, Edward?" He turned back to me with a smile. "Yeah?" "Welcome to Reedsville." ~~F4OK~~ "Hey, Alice? What time are we meeting Jasper and Rose?" I hollered from the bathroom. Alice poked her head around the door. "In thirty minutes. Are you about ready?" "Yeah," I said as I swiped some mascara on my eyelashes. "Oh, and Jasper is bringing a friend." "Okay. Who?" "The new sheriff," she giggled and then danced away. Well, shit. I had managed to avoid Edward since he had moved to town last month, which was no easy task in a small town. I wasn't even sure why I was doing it. I hadn't known him all that well when I was dating Garrett. He was just Garrett's good looking cousin. I finished getting ready and walked out to join Alice and Emmett in the living room. "I'm ready, let's go." The three of us headed out the door and walked down the street to one of the only bars in town. New Moon served food, but had a bar-type atmosphere. The bar itself, was made up of polished wood and lined one side of the room. In the middle, tables and chairs were placed strategically to allow for you to be able to walk. Along the other wall were booths. We walked in and found Jasper, Rose and Edward already seated at the largest corner booth. Jasper stood up and kissed Alice's cheek. Rose slid out and grabbed Emmett, dragging him to the dance floor. I slid into the booth and scooted as far in as I could without actually touching Edward. "How are you, Bells?" Edward asked. "I'm good, you?" "Good. I'm making friends and getting a feel for the town. There are some really nice folks around here. Although, I have to say I am a little disappointed that the one person I knew in town has been avoiding me." I blushed and looked down. "Sorry. I just wasn't sure what to say." "Look, Bella, what happened between you and my cousin is just that—between you and him. It was also five years ago. Garrett's moved on, so should you." "Are Garrett and Kate...?" I started. "Yep. My mom called the other day. They got married last week." I just nodded. "How do you feel about that?" Edward shrugged. "It's fine. Kate and I had no future. How do you feel about it?" "I don't. When I took off, I did it because he wasn't who I wanted or needed. I was also nineteen. Looking back now, I didn't love him." Edward nodded but didn't say a word. Rose and Emmett joined us at the table and we all ordered some burgers and beers. The conversation soon turned to how Edward and I knew each other. "Bella was engaged to my cousin." "Bella!" Alice squealed. "You were engaged?!" I nodded and looked up at Edward. He grinned then lifted his beer to his lips. "But...you're not married." I shook my head. "No, I uh...was nineteen at the time and decided that it wasn't what I wanted, so I left." "Wait...you mean you ran out on your own wedding?" Jasper asked. "Yeah. I wrote Garrett a note, left my dress and ring behind, and snuck out. Edward caught me, but didn't stop me." "You let her go?" Emmett laughed. Edward shrugged. "Yep." "Why would you do that?" Rose wanted to know. Edward looked away and didn't answer Rose's question. "Oh, I know why," Alice giggled. "You wanted Bella for yourself, didn't you?" "Alice!" I hissed. I looked to Edward and noticed he was looking at the table with slightly pink cheeks. I was confused for a minute, but then decided that we needed to talk. I looked at my friends around the table and gave them all pointed looks. They took the hint and slid out of the booth. "Edward?" I asked once we were alone. He looked over at me and I could see the fear and trepidation on his face. "So..." I started, "I don't think that I'm the only one that has been doing some avoiding." "No...you're not. I'm sorry, Bella." "For what?" Edward took a deep breath before he spoke. "When you ran out of the church that day, I was thrilled. I remember the day that I met you. You were so young and gorgeous. I couldn't figure out what you were doing with Garrett, but I kept quiet and observed. "You seemed to shy away from him whenever he would touch you or show any kind of affection. That's how I knew you weren't in love with him. So when I found out that you guys were engaged, I was stunned." "Edward, I..." "No wait, let me finish," he pleaded. I nodded, so he continued. "I saw you in your wedding dress. Bella, you were beautiful." It was my turn to blush and look away. Edward wouldn't allow that and gently placed his fingers on my chin, pulling me back to him. The moment he touched me, I felt a jolt run through me. If Edward felt it too, he gave no indication. "Don't hide from me." He looked into my eyes. "After I saw you, I resigned myself to the fact that I would never get to know