I don't know what I was thinking when I wrote this. It's this odd crackship (Vick/President Snow's granddaughter, yeah), sappy romance, random moments of. . .well, anyway, written for my forum niece, Tigerlils, for the Caesar's Palace Back-to-School Exchange. I hope you like it, darling; I own nothing. They meet in a coffee shop that doesn't replace the sugar packets quickly enough and has an owner who's fiercely protective of its customers. It's like a romantic novel from the old days, before suicide and stalking became the real romance, set in a city circled with strings of lights and wannabe artists. He's a journalist and she's a painter who does it for the money. She orders a peppermint cappuccino and he comes over to her table because everyone has heard of this girl, and because she ordered the least popular drink in the shop, which happens to be his favorite. Her eyes, a bright and pretentious kind of jade, flick toward him. Her coat is splattered with paint and rain, hanging off of the back of her chair. It's an artist's coat. "What do you want?" she asks coolly, and drains her cup in one gulp, tipping her head back like she's taking a shot. Her curly brown hair dangles a few inches above the floor. "Doesn't it hurt?" he asks, incredulous. Steam is still rising from the edges of the cup, blurring the image of his notebook laid out on the table, flipped to a blank page with a watery stain on it. She raises an eyebrow, her fingers splayed out on the table. They drum against the polished surface impatiently. "Does what hurt?" "The coffee—it's really hot," he explains awkwardly as the steam dissipates. "People don't like it partly because it's maybe a thousand degrees Fahrenheit." A faint laugh bubbles to her lips as she relaxes, and he decides she looks quite pretty with that softening twinkle in her eyes. Not that it's easy to see any expression with those contacts blocking it, but he's searching as best as he can. "You came here to talk about coffee?" she asks, glancing at his notebook. "It is hot, yes, but I've felt far more pain. She leans forward slightly, causing him to notice the purple paint spots on her chest (or rather, what's beneath them), then reminds himself those are probably fake and that's not why he's here, anyway. "Do you know what they say about champagne? It's like drinking the stars. Well, I don't want to end up stumbling drunk and dumped in a stranger's house, so I drink coffee and it has the same burn. Like stars. Oh, and I know where you're looking—they aren't fake." At this, he collides with the back of his chair and meets contact with the floor a few seconds afterward. She snorts at his embarrassed expression. "It's fine. I really never thought I was pretty enough for that, though." She waves for the waiter and snatches another peppermint cappuccino off the tray that's presented to her. "By the way," she adds as he scrambles to his feet, "you're paying for this one if you want an interview." He stares at her blankly, then nods because no one's gotten an interview with her since she was ten years old, and his boss is paying him a good deal of money for this. A coffee is a small price to pay. "Okay," he begins, taking a sip of water from his plastic cup. The ice cubes wander around the surface and he almost chokes when he swallows one. "What do you think of the Capitol?" "Same answer as a decade ago," and really, it was eleven years ago, but he doesn't correct her. "I don't know what that answer is. I was barely a teenager." The woman blinks, poking a straw into her coffee. "I thought you would have known, being Vick Hawthorne—your brother seems to know everything about the rebellion. More reason to get angry at the Capitol, I suppose." He knows she isn't talking about Rory. "Well, I couldn't care less," she says after a somewhat awkward pause. "My first memory is of District Seven, when they whisked me away to the lovely land-of-trees—" The words blur together in her mouth. "—to protect me from the rebellion. Terrible protection, really, since they could target me more easily behind enemy lines. I don't even remember the Capitol." It's sad that everything she's known for, she doesn't know a thing about herself. At the end of the interview, she says finally, "It was nice talking to you, Mr. Hawthorne, although the peppermint cappuccino was nicer. I know your boss personally, and he happens to hate everything Capitol with a passion, so he won't be happy when he finds out Snow's granddaughter, of all people, doesn't plan to rebel against the new regime. I hope you don't get fired." She is sarcastic and condescending and unsympathetic when he realizes yes, his boss wants something much more exciting and he doesn't know how to spin this, and her answers are anticlimactic (but personally fascinate him, but no one else cares). Her attitude is just the smallest bit like Katniss', but not much. She obliges when he asks for her address and says, "Maybe we can discuss the benefits of peppermint cappuccinos and put in an article. I'm sure people might listen to it and burn their tongues off; that'd be interesting." A week later, he reaches her apartment and knocks on the door, but it swings open instead. Tentatively, he steps inside, and sees her painting. An easel is set up in the middle of her room, a tarp with pots of paint covering half the floor. The amount of colors is ridiculous, and it's almost impossible to walk freely through the room without spilling paint. It's surprising to see she looks utterly bored as she dips her brush in a pot of pale yellow paint—the color of the sun's corona, it looks like. She applies it delicately to her canvas, a picture of a girl observing a jar of fireflies. "Your door wasn't locked," he says from behind her, hoping he doesn't startle her. Melodia Snow is the kind of person who whips out a knife and stabs the first human she finds when she's startled. She twitches slightly, but doesn't turn. "There's no point; my last house was swallowed in flame. If we burn, you burn with us, and all that. If someone is out to kill me, and that's the only type of person I'm worried about, the door won't stop them." She smears part of the painting in black and swirls her brush in a cup of water. "I'm sorry." "Did you know you're the first person who's said that?" she asks rhetorically, adding a few smudges of green. The whole painting already seems perfect to him, but she looks dissatisfied. "I'm sure everyone has had it worse after the rebellion, so they don't bother saying anything sympathetic. Life's not much more than a contest to see whose days suck the most, I suppose." She finally turns around, dabbing one last bit of dark green on the grass. "You know, you are Vick Hawthorne. I bet you've had it pretty bad." "So have you," he replies. "I bet your problems weren't too small, either. I visited you the day you went to your brother's gravestone, right?" Everyone knows of the older Snow that had been less than pro-rebellion, and three years ago, he'd led a riot with forty other Capitolites and tried to kill the Mockingjay. The girl standing in front of him visits her brother's grave monthly. "Yes," she replies. "But you saw your friends dying around you when they set Twelve on fire." "The Capitol was pretty much on fire too," he argues, "and my friends managed to survive." "I thought life wasn't a contest on whose days suck the most," she says, lifting the painting off the easel and setting it by the window. Sunlight pours onto the canvas as she drops her paintbrush carelessly onto the tarp. He shifts from foot to foot and doesn't respond, so she asks, "Why are you here?" "I—I thought we could discuss the benefits of peppermint cappuccinos." For a moment, she glances down at her chest, and his cheeks redden with mortification at the memory. Then she says, "As a date?" "As fellow coffee lovers with similar tastes," he says, sounding a hundred percent serious. She fixes him with those too fake but really quite beautiful eyes of her. "Good, because I don't date," she says firmly, and really, he's not surprised ( butmaybealittledisappointed ). Her past fifteen years have been nothing but people hating her for her heritage; a boyfriend is not something she's going to want, and no one else would be too willing. "And you're paying." "I just got fired!" A sweet smile plasters itself onto her face. "I know—I saw it in the papers." Then the smile disappears and she points at her painting. "I don't have any money until I get that sold." "None?" "Maybe enough for another canvas," she admits reluctantly. "But until then, no food or anything like that." He hesitates, then figures a Melodia Snow in debt isn't going to do much, and he knows people can get quite cranky without their coffee, and a girl like her doubly so. At least he hasn't had to worry too much about food since the rebellion ended. "Okay," he says at last, "but tell me why. . .why the girl in the painting looks like that." She's clearly a Capitolite, with pale blue hair and black skin studded with diamonds like stars in the night sky. Her expression, though, is haunting—apathetic, empty, like this is all that's left. There's no real emotion in her. Her fingers curl into fists, and he wonders if he's said something wrong. Then she says, "My first memory is that, because that's how to get a painting sold. They say my memories 'humanize' me." Her tone is disdainful as she fixes her eyes on the painting, and she laughs humorlessly. "They have more feeling, I suppose." For a brief second, he looks at the hardness in her expression and agrees that yes, these pictures are all that make her human. Then he mentally steps on his own foot and reminds himself everything about her is human—she is not just a Capitolite. As an afterthought, she adds, "When I left Seven, I brought a jar of fireflies with me, even though the bugs died. It was destroyed when they set fire to my house. That girl isn't me, though, at least. They don't get everything." Together, they drink the coffee version of stars, though he still doesn't have the courage to drain it all at once. The spicy taste of mint burns his tongue enough. He offers to take her to District Seven next week in Rory's car—the middle Hawthorne brother works as an engineer in Twelve—and he kisses her cheek when he drops her off at her apartment that night. He tells her to bring a jar to catch the fireflies in. Then he hurries out before she reacts and closes the door a little too loudly. He tells himself this is all purely platonic. The next week, he shows up on her doorstep wondering if she's going to run out screaming telling him to never come back. She answers his knock on the door—he hadn't barged in, possibly to show her he wasn't one of those set out to kill her—and says, "Your lips feel like stars." She stifles a laugh at his expression, sliding into the car with an almost smug grace compared to his clumsy, jerky movements. He's stuck in mortified silence for the next hour and a half to the gate of District Seven. They find a spot full of glowing fireflies near a picnic table. If nothing else, the country of Panem has gotten much