Make Me Laugh Contest Entry Title: The Glennies Pen Name: ladyinblue6 Picture prompt used: 34 Rating: M Disclaimer: Don't own the characters, the music the boys play, or the idea of the Glen Lillies. I just happen to love all of these things enough to write about them. Enjoy! Edward "Smell that sweet Seattle air," Emmett said, breathing in deeply. "Smells like home." "Smells like garbage," I muttered, wrinkling my nose, noticing the trash cans lining the alleyway. Emmett chuckled. "Yeah, I've missed that." I rolled my eyes and continued unloading our equipment from the van. "You have to admit it's nice to be back for a while," Emmett continued. "I can't wait to sleep in my own bed in my parent's house." I snorted. "You're such a mooch." Emmett shrugged. "I'm living there for as long as I possibly can. Free food, no rent, laundry gets done for me..." "Can't complain about that," I conceded. "C'mon, you gotta drag your own damn bagpipe into the bar. That thing's fucking heavy." "Words of a weak man," he retorted, lifting up the case onto his shoulder and entering through the back door. I grabbed my guitar and banjo and followed him. We were at Up Yer Kilt, a Scottish pub in Seattle. The first place we played, actually. We were a Celtic rock band, and they just weren't all that popular. The fact that we even left Seattle was amazing to me still. What started out as a hobby turned into a full-time time suck, what with the three-month long tours and all the little stuff we did in Seattle. Pay wasn't great, but I loved every damn second of it. Everything was set up and tuned and sound checked by 7:30, giving all of us plenty of time to drink and eat before the crowd arrived. "Reckon it's gunna get busy, Gare?" I asked the owner. "You bet yer ass," he replied in his gravely Scottish accent. "Told Mary Alice you were gunna be here. She's got the Glennies in a right state about tonight. 'Least you'll have some girls with nice stems to look at." I chuckled. "That's all I ask for." Gare grinned and started cleaning glasses. "So, how's life on the road?" "Not bad," I said with a shrug. "I'd rather be on the road with these fuckers than sitting back at the uni trying to stay awake through classes." "Aye," Gare agreed with a smirk. He poured me a pint and set it down in front of me. "You boys sure are good. 'Lot better than you were the first night you were here. 'Thought Em was gunna blow the windows out when he started playing the pipes." I laughed, remembering how horrible Emmett had been those first few months. "Yeah, and Jasper got too drunk to compensate for his nerves and passed out during the intermission." Gare joined in with my laughter. "Yep, nowhere but up from that, m'boy." "Thank God for that," I said, lifting my pint to him. Slowly, people start trickling into the bar. Garrett got busy behind the bar, so I joined the boys at the pool tables. Liam was a total shark, and I didn't know why Jas and Em even bothered letting him play with them. I drank another pint while waiting for 9:30 to come around so we could get this show on the road. I set up the merch stand, but let one of Gare's guy's stand behind it. I didn't particularly feel like dealing with anyone just yet. Once some of these Scots got talking, there was no stopping them, and I was just as bad. "Oi! Mary Alice!" Gare called from behind the bar. He was scowling at a skinny little girl that just walked through the door. She waved with both her hands, a smile breaking out on her face. "Get your arse over here!" Mary Alice was Garrett's daughter, a fact that he made sure we were all aware of when he let us play on his stage. She had only been 16 the first night we played here, but her dad let her watch the music acts before he threw her into the back, where the stairs led up to the flat above the bar. That hadn't stopped Jasper from getting her number when she was 18, and, fortunately, Garrett liked him. Mary Alice skipped over to the bar and threw her arms around Gare. Five girls slowly trailed behind her. They obviously hadn't been here before. They were all staring, open-mouthed, at all the wall-hangings and the large, heavy wooden tables. Garrett had done a pretty good job at making this place authentic. Garrett grinned as he listened to his daughter tell him a story. She used huge gestures, and they both ended up laughing. I saw her introduce her dad to all the girls she came with. Obviously these were the Glennies she brought. The Glennies – formally known as the Glen Lilies – were the Highland dancers of Seattle. You had to be 21 to be in the group and you had to be a damn good dancer. The girls were usually very fit and pretty, and I loved seeing them come out to our gigs, 'cause they loved our music just as much as we loved watching them dance to it. "'Eh!" I called to the boys, waving them over. "Let's get set up. There's a decent crowd here already. Might as well give 'em a show." "I'm gunna go change!" Emmett said gleefully. It was twisted that his favourite part of the night was wearing his kilt with nothing on underneath. I tugged my jeans higher up on my hips and stepped onto the stage, throwing my banjo over my head and putting my harmonica in my back pocket. Jas strummed his bass a few times, sending a wink Mary Alice's way. She rolled her eyes, but grinned back at him before coming up to the stage. "Hey you," she said, grinning slyly. "Need some help up there? I got a friend that knows the fiddle and knows all your cover songs." "A fiddle player, eh?" Jas asked. "You're sure he or she knows the songs?" "Yeah, I wouldn't have said anything if she didn't," Mary Alice said exasperatedly. "Ask Da. She's good. But she only wants to play one song. Then she wants to drink and dance with the rest of the Glennies." "What song's that?" I asked, curiously looking at her friends. "'Lucky Today,'" Mary Alice told me. "She saw you guys added that cover a couple of weeks ago, and she's been obsessed." "Send her over," I said with a shrug. Mary Alice squealed before running back to her hens. She pulled one of the girls away from the crowd, dragging her to the back room where her fiddle probably was. Sure enough, not five minutes later, Mary Alice dragged the girl carrying her fiddle case up to the stage. "Jas, Edward, meet Bella," Mary Alice announced. "State champ for dance and fiddlin'." "You sure you're comfortable enough to play the song on stage?" I asked. She nodded. "I love the fiddle in that song. 'Couldn't stop playing it since I heard the song couple weeks ago." "Don't let me down," I warned her with a smile. She rolled her eyes, but climbed on stage. "Where should I plug in?" Jas and I helped her with her wires and did a quick sound check. The girl could play that fiddle well. "You know 'Devil Went Down to Georgia'?" I asked while we waited for Emmett and Liam. She snorted. "What good fiddler doesn't?" "Would you mind playing that, too?" I asked excitedly. "The birds love it, and we haven't had a fiddler in years. It's just not the same with the guitars." Bella shrugged. "Sure. Just as long as it's only the two. I came here to drink, not to join a band." "Well, if you ever wanna join a band, the offer stands," I said with a wry grin. "I'll be sure to keep you in mind." "Who's this?" Emmett asked as he got on stage. "When did we get a girl fiddler and why haven't I seen her yet? I would remember you. I'd definitely remember you." Emmett looked her up and down. "I'd remember your legs at the very least." "Thanks," Bella said with wide eyes. "Mary Alice introduced us," I told Emmett. "She's just gunna play 'Lucky Today' and 'Devil' with us. If that's okay with you two?" I looked at Liam, who shrugged. Emmett still hadn't taken his eyes off of Bella's legs, which were pretty spectacular. "Oi, Emmett!" I called, smacking him across the back of the head. "Get your pipes. 'Lucky Today.'" "Remind me to give you my number," he told Bella seriously. "You a Glennie?" Bella nodded slowly, her eyes still wide. Emmett groaned, palming his face. "You're either a gift from a God or the devil himself. Why are you so hot?" he asked loudly. "Fuck. 'Can't concentrate with stems like that on my stage..." Bella let out a peal of laughter and then clapped a hand over her mouth. "I'm sorry. I could borrow some jeans from Mary Alice, but then I won't be able to dance as well later." "Don't change," Emmett interrupted. "Do. Not. Change." She giggled and played with the strings of her fiddle. I rolled my eyes and made sure everything was in place. Emmett prepped his pipes and then picked up his flute for the first song. "Ready?" I asked everyone, grabbing mic. "1, 2, 3..." I started playing the banjo for a few seconds and then brought Bella, Jas, and Liam into the mix. This was the first time we'd played this song live, and it sounded fucking phenomenal with Bella in the mix. Mary Alice and the rest of the Glennies sat at the table by the dance floor and tapped the toes and drank their drinks quickly. Those Glennies sure did like to have fun. After the song was over, and everyone finished clapping – and the Glennies stopped cheering for Bella – I introduced the band while waiting for Emmett to get his pipes situated. "Hey everyone!" I said into the mic. "Welcome to Up Yer Kilt. 'Pretty fine evening for some damn good music, am I right?" The crowd cheered, causing me to grin. "We're Braw Bahooky! I'm Edward, your guitarist, singer, and banjo player-extraordinaire for the evening. We've got Emmett on the pipes, Liam on the drums, and Jasper on the bass. Thank you to our new friend, Bella, for bringing her dandy little fiddle along. We're gunna play one more song with Bella, and then it's back to business." We started Devil Went Down to Georgia, causing most of the people to get up and dance. Bella stole the show with her wicked fiddling fingers. The Glennies had a little dance circle going, which Emmett soon infiltrated, leaving his pipes on the stage. After the song finished, Bella bowed, a blush covering her cheeks. She quickly put her fiddle back in its case. "Thanks again to Bella!" I said. Everyone whooped and cheered for her as she jumped off the stage. The Glennies attacked her, and Emmett ruffled her hair and kissed her on the cheek before joining us back on the stage. "Now for a song about where I came from..." We started our regular set, and played our little Celtic hearts out for our hometown crowd. Bella I grabbed two pints and sat down with Mary Alice and Angela, who were both already well on their way to being drunk enough to not care what this crowd thought of their ridiculous dancing. I began drinking, tapping my foot along to the music the band was producing. I was so happy that Mary Alice joined the Glennies on her 21 birthday, if only to introduce this band to me. Rosalie, Jessica,