Update/replaced: 04-02-2014 AN: Hi Folks! It's me again and I am here to announce that this is the start of my second story called; The Mysterious Wanderer. This story is the winner of the poll and I am looking forward to how this story totally forms out. Perseus will be OOC in some case, like his smartness and such because he is the son of our beloved goddess Athena. If you have any ideas of how this will work out, please leave a review with the information regarding the idea. Thank you! Check out my other story called; The Hero of Atlantis on my profile and leave a review if you like it! Not forcing you to do it just recommending my own stories :P. Now let's get down to the first chapter of my new story! Sorry if it doesn't meet your requirements of the ancient life in Greece. I am not an historian so I don't know anything. If you have some ideas for me to improve the way of writing about ancient Greece tell me and I will consider it! ENJOY! Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson, Riordan does. I only own the plot. The Mysterious Wanderer; Perseus Jackson is a forbidden son. He is born in ancient Greece as the son of Athena and Poseidon. He is immortal, but he could not be accepted by Zeus. He was left at a farm by birth, where he grew up to become a strong and intelligent young man, but after a monster raids and murders his 'parents' he stands alone. An incredible force helps him on his way and slowly he becomes the fear of every monster. When he is in need of help, he prays to his parents for help, only to be ignored. What he didn't know was that he had to be ignored in order for him to stay hidden and somewhat safe. Will he stay sane in a world, with no goal or aim to live? Or will he be saved by a goddess, a goddess who you would least expect. Chapter 1 Ancient Greece - A farm between Athens and the sea South-West. Two figures appeared onto a hill close by a farm laying south-west of Athens. A young couple lived there. The figures knew that the woman could not get any children, but nevertheless the couple wanted them, oh so much. The two figures got closer and it was now clearly visible that they were not just with two, but three. In the arms of a lean and beautiful woman, a baby wrapped in a silken cloth was sleeping peacefully in the arms of his mother. The man had an arm wrapped around the waist of the woman and he was rather tall with broad shoulders. When they stepped out of the tree line into the bright moonlight their looks were perfectly visible, and to say the least, it was an odd scene. The woman had black long hair with eyes tinting all shades of gray. The man, on the other hand, looked completely different. While the woman looked strict and cold the man had an easy going aura and seemed to be quite relaxed. The man had green eyes, black hair, a neatly trimmed beard and a tan. So yes, it was quite an odd scene. When they reached the fence that would lead them to the farm they both stopped and turned toward each other. The man wrapped his arms around the woman and cautiously embraced her with the baby in between the two of them. "Relax my love. He will be in good hands, he'll be better in better hands here than in ours." They both hated the idea of leaving their new-born son behind on a farm without any word of his real parents. It was even worse for the woman, it was her first real born child, not born out of a fragment of her mind , but with a real pregnancy and thereby breaking her vow. "I know Poseidon. It's just... He is my first real child." The woman said and she looked into the eyes of the so called Poseidon. "It's weird to say, but this is my first not-mind-created child and probably the last one too." Poseidon sighed. "I know Athena, I know." He looked at the little farm, where the lamps were still on at this ungodly hour and he sighed deeply yet again. "I hope that we made the right choice. But will he hate us? We abandoned him without letting him know anything about our identity or-" Athena stopped his rambling by pressing her fingers to his lips. "That's something for the future Poseidon. Hopefully he has my brains and not your kelp head, so he will understand why we did it." "I hope you are right." Poseidon sighed as he kissed her on the forehead, softly while closing his eyes. Once again, he would probably do this for the last time. A few moments passed until he opened his eyes and spoke up; "Now let's get this over with." Athena nodded sadly and Poseidon, as the gentlemen he was, opened the fence for the lady. She smiled just a little at his charming action. Always the charmer, she thought. It was pity that she wouldn't be able to enjoy it after this anymore due to the laws. Side by side, almost pressed against each other they walked over the gravel path which led them towards the small farm. The farm was build from wood and clay and was clearly visible in the moonlight. Artemis must had been having a good night because the moon was shining bright. Suddenly the lights inside the little farm went off and the farm was covered in darkness. There was no light coming from the house anymore and the two lovers' only light to rely on was the light of Lady Artemis, goddess of the hunt, moon, chastity, and the wilderness. When they arrived at the door, Athena moved the baby boy so they could both perfectly see him in the moon light. He was covered in blue silken cloth and the only thing visible was his slightly frowning innocent little face. Athena looked at him as tears began to well up. "I-I can't d-do it Poseidon." She stuttered as her heart broke while watching her only, and probably last real son, for she was leaving him here, all alone. They really were wonderful parents. "We have to, my love." Poseidon said as he took cupped her face with his hand in order to lift it up so he could look into her beautiful eyes. "If we keep him, Zeus will kill him immediately. You broke your vow, and even worse than that, it was broken by me, a brother of Zeus, who Zeus totally detests. He will get a lot of power through the both of us. I mean, the baby is your first real child, and I'm one of the big three. This couldn't get any more convenient for him." In response Athena leaned forwards and kissed him softly on the lips. "Sometimes you are smarter than they give you credit for, Seaweed Brain." She said while smiling softly. Poseidon shot her a smile back as he picked up the enwrapped baby and lifted him, so he could look in his eyes. "You will be perfect my child." Poseidon said and he kissed the little baby on the forehead. "Whose hair will you get?" Poseidon asked to him. Both Athena and him had black hair, yet his hair was a mess while Athena's hair was very neat. "We will see." He said amused, after a few seconds and Athena chuckled silently. Then she stood on her tip-toes and gave the baby a small a kiss his forehead. She sighed and silently muttered a farewell in his ear. 'Yes, farewell,' she thought, 'for now.' Poseidon laid the baby in front of the door, ready to be picked up by the first mortal who came through the front door. "Farewell my boy." he said as Athena knocked hard on the door. "What the-?" A man whispered to his wife who was laying next to him in bed. They had just gone to bed because they had been busy with moving furniture in their new self-made house the entire day. They were very tired and now, only their third night, the people from the village were already bothering him. He stepped out of bed as unsheathed his sword. "Stay here." He ordered his wife and she mouthed a 'Be Careful.' Back to him. The man smiled softly at his wife's concern and then stalked towards the front door. He was about to open the door with his sword ready to defend their home when he heard two flashes. Soft cries were heard from the other side of their door and for a moment the man dropped his guard in shock. 'Was that the cry of a baby?' He thought and carefully he opened the door. Nothing was there to be seen but when he was about to close the door again his eyes fell on the source of the tiny whimpers and cries. A baby, an oh so small baby, was lying in front of their door wrapped into a blue cloth. He glanced around to look for any signs of his biological parents, but he could not find a trace. When the danger did not happen he let his guard down and sheathed his sword on his belt. He bent down to pick up the baby, placed him in his arms and swayed him from the left to the right in order to calm him down. "Shh, shh don't cry little one. Everything will be okay." He whispered into the little boy's ear. "Crethos, my dear, what's going on?" The woman asked him when he closed the door while shushing the baby in his arms. He walked over to the bedroom, put off his belt as his wife looked at him questionably and shocked. 'How did her husband get a baby? Whose was it? How did it get here?' She asked herself just when Crethos went to sit next to her in bed. "Thyia my dear. I found him at front door. I heard 2 flashes, then when I wanted to open the door I heard a baby crying." He wanted to continue, but then noticed the baby boy had stopped crying and was slowly drifting to sleep. "-I found him at front of our door, without any traces of his parents or anything for that matter. Could he be a 'you know'?" "We will see, Crethos, my dear." Thyia said as they both silently agreed they would keep the baby and raise him like their own, without as much as a word spoken. It was like a gift from the gods, they couldn't get a child and then suddenly one is on their laying in front of their door. The baby let out a tiny yawn as Thyia took him in her arms, carefully. She pushed back the cloth that covered his head and it revealed small sprouts of black hair. The baby smacked his lips and he slowly began to open his eyes. The left eyelid began to open first and it revealed a beautiful intense dark gray eye. Soon after, his right eye opened and surprisingly this eye had a complete different color. The eye had a bright sea green color, and both were now staring up at the two people in slight curiosity. The eyes moved around rapidly taking in the new environment. "He is beautiful." Thyia muttered, not taking her eyes of the boy. The boy had two different eye colors, which they both knew, meant either problems or that the little boy laying in Thyia's arms was a very special child. "How shall we name him?" Crethos asked, eyebrows crossed while trying to come up with a name. Thyia