AN: Hey guys, It's me again with a third story. I had this idea for a very long time and when I put in a poll it lost against the Mysterious Wanderer, which is a nice going story. I had an idea to begin this story last week and I immediately went down to writing, because if I would not I would have forgotten it already. So here it is ;) I hope you all like it! Disclaimer: I don't own PJO. The Warrior of the Wild; Perseus wakes up in a camp in a forest at the age of 16 in Ancient Greece. He has no memory of his past whats however and he has no idea who he is. Through the objects hidden in his camp he finds out that he is a shapeshifter and that he has a strong link with the nature and wild. He is destined to protect the nature and everything in it, but not everything always works out fine. He wanders around and stumbles upon monsters and demigods. He fights the monsters merciless and he helps the demigods reach safety. Will it go on when a unknown force is destroying the wild? Chapter 1 Somewhere in a dense forest in a small valley - Ancient Greece When I woke up I opened my eyelids slowly, but I closed them immediately when a lot of light shone right into my eyes. I tried to raise my head to avoid the light by going to sit, but I failed. When I tried to lift my head it felt like there was liquid fire roaming in my head. It hurt a lot and for a moment I just laid there. I felt the dirt under my fingers and I grabbed some. It was wet and I crumbled it into small pieces, letting it fall on the floor again. A light breeze came up when I laid there and I could here leaves rustling above me, it was obvious that I was in a forest, but there was this problem. I had no idea how I got here. I had no idea who I even am. I began to panic and my heart began to beat at a rapid tempo. After a while of more thinking I began to hyperventilate, my breathing got faster and faster and I lost my control over it. I pressed my head into the dirt and screamed it all out. Who am I? was going through his mind the whole time. What is my name?, What is my age?, Why am I here? I had no answer to all those question and when I slowly began to get my sins back I knew that the only option to figure this out was to get up and scan my surroundings. I inhaled deeply, preparing myself for a lot of pain. I first opened my eyes and they immediately began to tear, I blinked rapidly and my view was a blur. When I slowly began to get my sight back I saw trees waving above me and the suns shining through the deck of leaves. The sun shone exactly on me and above me was the only whole in the leaves deck. I prepared myself for the real pain now and inhaled deeply again. I lifted up my head and I began to tear. Everything hurt from my head to the bottom of my back, it just burned. I felt like I had slept for an entire year and my body had forgotten how to move. I gritted my teeth and prepared to sit up right. I pushed myself up and I gasped from all the pain. My eyes were now really tearing and when I sat upright I dried my eyes with the sleeve of my long sleeved shirt. My shirt was made from thick black wool while I could feel that my pants was made from a rigid dark brown leather, while it felt very comfortable around my legs. Then when I looked at my feet I saw two high black leather boots and it was like the boots were made for me, they felt really comfortable and even though in my memory I had never used them I somehow knew that I could stalk through the forest without making any noise. Slowly my blood circulation began to work properly again and the pain slowly began to ebb away. I tried to move my toes without any pain and after some hesitation I tried and it worked. I was still stiff and sour from, I don't know what, but I had to deal with it. After a few moments of adjusting I tried to stand up and walk a bit, but immediately after I stood on my feet I fell over and due to make stiff muscles I fell right on my face. I began to grumble all curses I knew. When I was done cursing the whole world I pushed myself with my now good working arms and sat on my knees. I still panted from my previous action and when I had my breathing a little more under control I began to look around. I could see that I was in the middle of a forest in a small valley. I could see the foot of the mountains on both my sides and somewhere on my left I could hear a stream flowing through the forest. The forest had a lot of wild activity and it seemed that they were not afraid of me. They came very close to my camp, well camp, there was a small white tent on my left, a extinguished fire before me and a I was sitting on a blanket. That was all I had, I guess. I was planning on going in my tent and see what was in there, but just before I wanted to try to stand up and try to walk over there I was stopped by something walking into my camp. I recognized it as a stag and it walked slowly towards the middle of the camp. It gave me a bored look and began to graze just in front of my tent. I cursed silently and thoughts began to form in my head. Why did the stag come so close to me? Aren't animals supposed to be afraid of humans? After a while of watching the stag graze I got irritated and tried to stand up even though the stag was still there. I kept my balance with my arms and the first steps were very difficult. It almost fell twice, but both times I could gather my balance just in time. For myself this was a whole accomplishment, but when I looked at the stag I saw that he was still grazing with a bored look. But hey what was I expecting anyway, an applause? With a lot of confident I walked around the extinguished camp fire and when mastered walking with ultra stiff legs I chuckled and this attracted the attention of the stubborn stag. He lifted his head into my direction and his face told me this; Shut up for a moment, I am eating grass here. If the stag could talk I knew for sure that he would've said that. Now that I could walk properly the next thing I wanted to do was going into the tent. There had to be some clues in there, I just knew it. There was only one problem. The stag was grazing exactly in front of the entrance and there were 2 options; going under the stag, which was not an option with him having something hanging that I didn't want anywhere near my body. The second option was going sideways but the space was too small for me to go past it without letting the tent collapse. I thought for more options, but I couldn't find any. Then something came to me, I had to move the stag then. I approached the stag and it was like he just ignored me, which was of course fine by me. I pushed him lightly forwards, but he didn't move an inch. I knew that I had an muscular and lean build, so moving a stubborn stag would be something I could do, but oh I have never ever been so wrong in my life. (AN: Lolz, no memory joke...) I pushed, pulled and pushed again, but he didn't move a thing. I even sat on his back and hit his butt praying for some movement, but the stubborn stag didn't gave in and just kept grazing. After a lot of trying I gave up and sat down next to it, just in front of my tent only with a stupid animal blockading my way. "You are a stubborn one, are you?" I asked him and for the first time I heard myself talk. I had a raspy voice and I noticed that my throat was very dry. I had to drink something. then I remembered the stream that I heard and I stood up slowly, still not trusting my own body. I looked at the stag and said with a raspy voice. "Don't go anywhere. Or wait actually, go everywhere you want except here" The deer snorted loudly as if it had heard me, but I just shrugged it off. I walked with wobbly legs towards the direction I could hear the water coming from. I somehow knew how I had to reach the stream and when I followed the path that my head had made I reached the stream in no time. It was a small stream and water was peacefully flowing through it. I could see fish swimming in the stream and suddenly their names popped up into my head. I saw salmon and trout swimming around like nothing was close to them. I stepped into the water and I was preparing myself for wet feet, but then when the cold and wet feeling didn't come I noticed that they were water proof. I immediately thanked the one who had given me the boots, but as everything, I had no idea who it had been. I made a cup with my hands and I began to drink. When I was full and the drought in my throat was gone, I saw the fish still swimming around and some even looked at me. I had no idea what to do with it, so I just stepped out of the river hoping that the stag would be gone, but oh I was so wrong. When I reached the borders of my camp I saw the stag still grazing and I cursed. "Isn't there any other grass for you to graze other then just in front of the tent?" I asked and of course there came no answer, the stag just kept grazing. I again sat down in front of my tent, but this time with my legs pulled up against my body and I laid my head on top of my knees. I knew that the stag would be full sometime soon, so I decided to just wait. I didn't want a fight with a angry stag. I examined the body of the stag while I was waiting and I noticed a scar on his neck which he had probably gotten from a fight with another stag over a female deer. I printed this in my mind that if I ever found this stag again I had to ask an apologize. I knew it sounded wrong now, but the thought just came into my head. Just when I was about to get really hungry and loud bleat was heard. The head of the stag went up immediately and he breezed. When the bleat was heard again the stag sped forwards into the direction the sound came from. I watched the stag run out of my camp and he ran like live depended on it, it maybe did actually, but