"Please remember to turn your children in at the end of the day, for the most part you have all managed this project brilliantly-" Slughorn's voice broke through his thought as he looked up from where he was holding the doll that he'd been assigned for the project. Looking at his partner who was sitting across the aisle from him and their 'child' he felt a pang of guilt. Looking back down at the black-haired doll who had green eyes just like hers he was sad that the project was almost over. James Potter was rarely sad about anything especially school assignments but this one had been different. For the past two and a half months he'd been taking care of a 'child' with his partner as though it was their own. Slughorn had been adamant that Lily and he work together. James of course had been thrilled for the chance to get to know her better, she hadn't felt the same originally though he thought that over the last two months she'd warmed to him and his friends. As he collected his stuff and handed the doll to Lily so she could take it to her next class he thought about how he'd have to ask her now or never. As she smiled and promised to give him back Harry after her period of gym, which three periods from then, he choked, next time. His mind drifted back to when the project had started, he'd been late to Health from his gym period. "Ah Mr. Potter you're just in time, we were just discussing were to place you for the parenting project," Slughorn said taking his tardy slip as James slipped into his seat and pushed his glasses up his nose and wrinkled his brow, "you'll be paired with Ms. Evans and work with her for the remainder of the class." James for his credit didn't look shocked as he looked over at Lily who managed a half grin before turning to listen to something Marlene had said. Turning slightly to look at Sirius who sat opposite him he raised his brow. Sirius for his credit just winked and went back to writing a note to Remus. As Slughorn went into the specifics of the final course project and how the dolls worked. James turned his focus onto figuring out how he'd been so blessed to finally be paired with Lily Evans. He was up and across the room almost next to Lily when Slughorn and the bell announced the end of class. "Hey, so do you want to get together tonight after soccer practice and go over how we want to handle this project, -" His hands were sweating in his pockets and he was rocking on his heels. James was known for being one of the smoothest talkers in their year and yet when faced against Lily Evans his tongue was tied in knots. Clearing his throat, he continued to talk, "- or we can meet whenever you're available I didn't mean to assume that you had no plans. Because of course you'd have plans." "James!" her clear light voice broke through his spiralling thoughts as she grabbed his arm. "Tonight works just fine, but we have to collect a doll, so why don't we start with that." She moved around him and towards the front of the room where a crowd of students were milling through the boxes of the dolls. As they neared the dolls and the crowd of their classmates, Lily went to grab the first one they came upon when a voice broke through the crowd. "Lily if you wanted a white doll you shouldn't have paired with someone like Potter," James' head shot up and the crowd quieted as Severus Snape stood in front of Lily who was standing there quiet and open mouthed. "You know genetics dictate that a child between you and Potter here wouldn't be remotely white. Though you're not one to be interested in men anyway so I guess this child won't ever happen." "Severus, you should back up," Marlene's voice came above the silence as she started to move closer to Lily and the powder keg she knew was getting ready to combust. When Lily had come out a year ago as bisexual she'd been hit with a shit ton of backlash mostly from Severus her then best friend. She'd been outed because she'd been seeing a girl from across town and had brought her then girlfriend to the spring fling the year before. Severus had thrown a fit that ended with calling her a two-faced teasing whore. They hadn't talked much since then and Lily had been clear in the end of their friendship when Severus refused to come around to her being bisexual "Snape, I'm not sure what mental disconnect you're having, but as I've told you a hundred times I am not a lesbian, and if I was that doesn't mean that James and I couldn't still have a child together. I'm fully aware how genetics work and I think that any child I would be blessed to have with James would be 100 times better than a child with you so it's really not your concern is it?" he voice was barely above a whisper and if the crowd hadn't been near silent James would have been convinced he'd imagined the whole thing. "You're really trying to tell me you'd sully yourself by-" whatever Severus was about to say was cut off suddenly. While no one had been, certain what had happened during the fight at the spring fling the spring before. This time though everyone in their class knew exactly what happened, Lily Evans the kind sweet pacifist who helped freshmen with their homework, broke the bigots nose. "I wouldn't finish your thought Severus, we're all aware that you've adopted the Nazi Kool-Aid as gospel." Turning she walked away from the dolls and the crowd leaving him to cup his bleeding nose. James was gobsmacked as he turned to chase after her. Stopping at the door he turned back but Sirius was holding a box and shaking his head. "Don't worry bro I got you and Evans, I'll get you a doll." Sirius, Remus and Peter along with Marlene had circled Severus, James would later find out, they made it clear that if he said another word to Lily about anything no one would ever find his body. The stress of finding a doll now replaced with catching up with the smoking volcano he had torn through the crowded halls but she had disappeared. James spent the rest of the day with a small knot of worry growing in his stomach. As it turned out she found him holding their doll as he walked out of the men's locker room after soccer practice. "I'm sorry I bolted, I was embarrassed he got me to react like that, apparently though he told Slughorn he cracked it on a desk," she held out the baby doll to James and offered him a half smile, "Marlene picked him out, she said that it made her believe that a baby between us would be hella attractive." They both chuckled, each a little unsure how to go forward from this moment. Lily pulled the doll back to her chest and held it tight. "He's just such a fucking jerk." "Hey, you were fucking brilliant, first you verbally ripped him apart and secondly you broke the nose of someone who was twice your height without hurting yourself," he said softly as he gestured towards the car park. "Also, you defending me was pretty attractive-" her fist connected with his side not hard enough to hurt but hard enough to startle him, "-hey what it was, no girls ever defended me from a racist before." She laughed at that and shook her head, James was starting to calm down and relax as they walked towards his car. The drive to his parent's house was quiet, Lily typing on her phone letting her mother and father know that she'd be home late due to a group project. He lived in the wealthy part of town, his parents being big in the technology and security firms had made enough money that it wasn't a thing anymore. Lily bit back a gasp as they pulled through the hedged fence, it was massive, well definitely bigger than her attached two story that she lived in with her mum, dad and sister. "Before we go in, I should warn you that my parents are a bit much," he said placing the car in park as he turned to take the doll from her hands. "I'm sure I'll be able to handle it," She said shifting her backpack over her left shoulder as she pulled her hair from under the strap. James bit his lip and quickly looked away. It wasn't an unusual thing to do, and yet as he watched her sort herself out his pulse raced. The evening sun igniting her hair. Shifting on his feet he walked towards the door and smiled at her. "I'm ready." Her confirmation eased his mind. "OI! Potter!" Sirius' gentle and thoughtful tone rocked him from his musings about the first night of the project, shaking his head he looked at his friends who were watching him concerned. Sirius was sitting there, eyebrows raised and gesturing to him as though he'd missed an important question and he figured he had. "What did I miss?" "We were wondering if you had heard that Luke Grussman in class this morning saying that he was going to ask Lily to Prom," Remus said not surprised that James had zoned out, he'd noticed his best friend a little distracted most of the day. "He wants to whAT?!" his voice coming out strangled as his bespeckled eyes frantically searched the cafeteria for Lily and her friends. When he saw, them sitting at a picnic table outside he breathed a sigh of relief, she didn't look any different. "Well I'll just have to ask her first," his resolution solidified and he stabbed at the samosa that his mum had packed in his lunch. A couple of snickers had him glancing up confused. "What are you pricks laughing 'bout now?" "Just that Luke was talking about Narcissa and we knew you hadn't heard. You just confirmed that you're going to ask Evans to Prom," Peter's voice was muffled by Sirius' hand as the soccer team goalie looked like he was trying to strangle their resident good kid. "You fuckers were trying to get me to spill if I was going to ask Evans to prom?" he was never shocked at how underhanded and sneaking his best friends could be sometimes. "Well you've stopped moaning and bitching about how she'll never like you and your crush would never go away, so we figured we'd check." Sirius nodded along as Remus explained their logic. "I quit talking about it because for the last two months and change, Lily and I have been talking everyday about the project, the match against Durmstrang Institute and the others we've had. She's finally treating me like a friend or at least someone she doesn't mind spending time with," James grumbled as he flipped the bird to his best mates. "I think she'll say yes, to prom, but I'm not sure that she actually doesn't see me as anything but the annoying toerag I was to her since primary school." Remus and Sirius looked at him and shrugged as Peter offered a kind smile and clap on the back as he stood up to throw out his lunch tray. The group got up and wondered through the halls separating and meeting up with other friends as they went to their respective classes. James had 1800s political systems after lunch and he had it alone. The professor, Professor Binns was pleased to drone on and on for a period without engaging in