First Year December 5, 1971 "Are you going home for Christmas?" the red headed girl glanced up from her place on the couch in front of the fire to look at the boy with the glasses. Nodding she looked down at her worn copy of The Horse and His Boy which was currently her favourite book. She hoped that the boy would understand that she didn't want to talk as she focused on reading. "My mom and dad said that they can't wait to see me, are your parents picking you up from the station?" he pressed, sitting in the chair next to her end of the couch. Again she nodded instead of looking up at him she turned the page of her book. Sighing, his shoulders slumped as his attempts to talk to her weren't going anywhere. She was the smartest girl in their year, and James would bet that she was smarter than any other girl in all the other years. She was brilliant. He pushed his glasses up as she looked at the book. He caught the title and scrunched his nose as the title wasn't familiar to him. He made a note to look it up when he was home. "I'm sorry for bothering you Lily, I just wanted to talk to you and well," his voice trailed off as she finally looked up at him. Bright and twinkling the way sun shines through leaves in the summer, smiling she bit her own lip before closing her book. She set the book on the couch next to her and turned her full attention to the bespeckled boy. "James! I'm glad you're excited to go home I'm sure that you'll have a wonderful holiday," she said pushing her hair out from in front of her face her tone belying the mild annoyance she was currently feeling. "I'm not sure how I feel about going home, my sister wrote and begged me to just stay here for the winter break so I'm sure it's not going to be a fun holiday. I hope that you have a brilliant winter holiday with your family." Her tone wasn't harsh in fact it was quiet and she was really looking past James if she was being honest. Smiling softly, she pushed up and off the couch and picked up her book before looking at the watch on the mantle over the roaring fire in the common room. "Sleep well James, I'll see you on the train tomorrow." "Good night Lily, I hope that I see you tomorrow." She slipped past him and up the stairs to her dorm room. James sat back in the chair staring at the spot where Lily had been sitting, one could say that this was the moment, the moment that James fell madly in love with her, but that would come much, much later. It was a moment later that the young boy of eleven stood and looking at the couch in front of the fire, he grinned before going up to bed. Second Year October 12, 1972 "Remus, please slow down, please," he called, they'd all just had a row in the dorm room about wanting to continue to be Remus' friend even knowing that in the dolt's own words 'he was a terrible awful monster.' James, Sirius and Peter had objected to that notion considering he was the sole reason that any of their homework was ever completed on time. He was kind and smart to everyone and James had called him a coward for thinking that being friendless was better than depending on his friends who loved him. Racing through the common room he stumbled over a first year who was picking up his books which must have fallen when he was ploughed into by Remus. "He left, you just missed him," came Mary's soft low voice as she poked her head up from the couch in front of the fire, "he looked really upset and Lily chased after him, she didn't want him to be alone if it was more bad news about his mother." She shrugged at James and went back to whatever she'd been doing before she jumped in to talk to him about where Remus had taken off to. "Thanks Mary I owe you," he said, running out of the portrait-door as it swung open to let in some returning Gryffindors. Mary chuckled and went back to reading as she heard the common room grow louder as more students came home. She tapped Lily on the head and gestured to Remus who was hiding against her best friend. "He's gone." James was racing through the castle in search of the idiot werewolf who was his best friend. Smiling as he decided to check the kitchens thinking that there was a chance that Remus had gone there for a hot chocolate pick me up. When he wasn't there and per the house elves he'd never come in James searched the grounds for another hour before walking back to the Gryffindor tower. Walking in he raised an eyebrow at Remus and Lily hunched over homework at the table in front of the fireplace. Walking over Remus looked up and his eyes clouded with pain as James came closer, Lily nudged him and stood up. As she passed James on her way to join her friends by the other side of the common room to grab her bookbag she paused to whisper, "Don't push him James he's just worried about being rejected," James was gobsmacked as he turned to reply to Lily, she shook her head, "talk to him Potter he needs you more than you know." Taking Lily's advice, he walked over to the couch and sat down next to Remus. Lily and the other girls looked on as the two boys talked in hushed tones. At one point Remus' burst into tears and when Lily made to get up Dorcas placed a hand on her arm gently shaking her head. James for his credit also burst into tears and together they wrapped into a massive hug. They would get through this and Remus would never be alone if James could have a say. Smiling at his best friend he pulled out the two-way mirror whispering for Sirius. Sirius and then Peter came down and together they cheered up their timid best friend. Soon the talks turned to planning a game of exploding snaps and they called out for the girls to join them as the game started. Pairing off with laughter, the group of Gryffindors broke into good natured teasing as Lily and James were paired off. Their knees brushed against the others and in their corner of the couch. The two blushed a bit as they looked anywhere but at each other. The game continued through the night, until the group was worn out and separated to go off to their own beds. Third Year February 16, 1974 "Don't you Lily me! I can't believe you'd do that." "Lily please calm-," his reply was cut off as she screeched. Lily Jane Evans had screeched. "Don't you ever talk to me again! I hate you-you-BULLIES!" Her scream echoed through the castle hall as she spun away from James and Sirius her normally bright and kind expression buried under the cloud of anger that had settled as she'd realized what was going on. They had been magicking Severus' food to dance every time he tried to eat it, the offending items would jump up and away from his fork to dance and stick out invisible tongues at him. Lily had whispered the counter curse and then had turned her wand on the two brunette toerags. She'd quietly muttered a hair changing charm and turned their hair a sickly shade of yellow, a bad dye job as her sister would have called it. They'd been to shocked to realize what had happened before she'd taken off, leaving the Great Hall and her friends. She had tears in her eyes, Lily was nothing short of an angry crier and the rage she was feeling was leaving her face feeling blotchy and the tears pouring over unwanted and unwelcome down her cheeks. The idiots had caught up to her halfway to the Gryffindor Tower where she'd managed a very undainty screech. Stunned into silence she'd left them behind as she climbed up the staircase to their common room. Whispering the password to the Fat Lady she'd begged the kind woman to hold the boys off for at least minute so she could disappear upstairs to her bed. For the Fat Lady's credit, she did just that, shattering a glass on the side of her frame when she failed to hit the pitch high enough to break it on her own. James growing more and more agitated angrily shouted the password over her singing and once the glass was broken she swung open. Grumbling about the stupid meddling of the dead portraits he rushed into the empty common room. Lily had made a quick escape up the stairs. She was laying on her bed tears pouring down her face. She knew the stories that Slytherin was the house of bullies and yet, the two biggest bullies were in her own house. Whimpering she closed the curtains around her bed and after casting a silencing charm slipped off to sleep. If she had truly hated him she wouldn't have cried over their antics and from that night she vowed to never cry over them again. Fourth Year April 24, 1975 Lily Evans was in shock, that's right shock. At least that's what a textbook might have called it. She was up far too late as she reread the letter that had arrived from her sister. Heart Attack. She had gotten the letter at dinner and from the hand writing had thought that it was from her mum. Honestly reading and rereading had concluded that at some point Petunia had taken over writing the letter to her from her mother meant that Lily didn't really need to worry about her mother being taken care of. Of course, it was filled with lines that reminded Lily why she and Petunia at 14 and 17 didn't really talk. 13/04/1975 Dear Lily, I am sad to say that the heart medication that your father started in December wasn't enough to help his heart. He had another heart attack on Saturday and I wish I had been able to write to you sooner, but as there are no phones at Hogwarts I was unable to reach your headmaster. I'm sorry my Lily-pet but your father passed away on Sunday morning. We're planning on having the funeral on next Friday. Petunia has been a brilliant help what with her own wedding preparations going on. I know that you wanted to come home in June but with Petunia having insisted that you not be in her wedding party, well I'm getting ahead of myself. I hope- Dear Lils, Mum couldn't finish writing so I'm filling in the parts she didn't get to before going to sleep. She's been running around ragged while I help where she'll let me. If you were home, you'd know just how hard it was and painful to get Da ready for his funeral. You aren't though you're at that school with the freaks. I don't need your help and since mom has your term schedule on the refrigerator all proud and such I know that you have exams starting in the next two weeks. Don't come home. We don't need to be worried about picking you up or bringing you back to the train station. You can pay your respects for Da when you come home in July since you promised me that you'd go somewhere else in June to let me have my wedding in peace. Mom wants me to remember to tell you that she's proud of you and such, I don't really care but ta.