"you're the pool boy/girl my mother hired and whenever your round I try and offer you a beverage as an excuse to talk to you but its becoming inconspicuous and please just put me out of my misery and ask me out" June 2, 2017 Lily had just finished unpacking in the pool house of her employer's estate and sighed happily. Looking around the house she was happy with the way she'd set up her living space for the next three months. She'd been hired by the Potters to be their summer pool girl and it had worked out perfectly. She didn't have to back to Newcastle for the summer and could stay closer to the professors at her university in case she had an issue on her summer course work. Humming she pulled out a notepad and started to jot down what she needed for the kitchenette, there was a surprising amount of alcohol but little of anything else. Mrs. Potter had told her that she would have to stock the kitchenette herself but the wage allowed for that. She was making 180 a day just for watching what she assumed was going to be a mostly empty pool and work on her thesis. "Excuse me, what are you doing here?" came a voice from behind her causing the good mood to completely disappear. "Jesus Mary and Joseph!" Spinning Lily pushed her hair out of her face and stared at the man standing behind her. "Have you ever heard of knocking, Christ." "Considering my parents own this guest house I never thought about it," he held out his hand smiling at her in a way that made the anger at being startled quickly disappear. "I'm James Potter." "Oh, shoot I'm so sorry I shouldn't have shouted at you. I'm Lily, your mom and dad hired me to manage the pool for the summer," she took his outstretched hand and smiled at him feeling incredibly stupid for shouting at the boss's son. "No harm done, I just saw the Focus in the drive and came over to investigate. It's nice to meet the girl that mum was raving about to dad the other day. "Well I'm just a simple college student who applied for a job nothing remarkable about me." "I mean I figured you weren't a superhero," he paused pushing his glasses up his nose and smiling at her, "I mean if you are that's fantastic and my brother will be thrilled." "Wait brother? Mr and Mrs Potter only mentioned one son." She was confused because she hadn't found mention of a second son when she'd researched the family either. "He's not actually my brother but his parents threw him out when we were in secondary school and we took him in." James leaned back against the door frame and looked around the guest house smiling at her. "You've made this guest house look even better than mum's interior decorator did." Lily looked around the room eyebrows raised as she took in the minute and simple adjustments she'd made to fit her lifestyle just slightly better. She had moved some of the cushions from the west facing window to the east and shifted the large chair closer to the fire place that she was sure she'd need at some point considering while summers in Western England could be lovely they could also be cold. "I didn't change that much, just placed candles and my books around the house so I'd feel more like it was my space." "Well it suits this guest house, very well. You are making it a home not just a building, we never really use it for anything as most guests stay in the main house." He said shifting as he ran his fingers through his hair, already a bit of a disaster his fingers running through his shaggy black hair didn't help at all. Not that she was noticing his hair, or anything about his hair for that matter. "Right thanks, well I'm off to the grocer so I guess I'll see you whenever." She smiled and slipped around him her list and her purse in hand. Without looking behind at the boy standing gobsmacked in her doorway she slipped into her Focus and drove off to the nearest Tesco's. Totally, not thinking about the son of her employers at all. "You never mentioned that your mum hired such a fit bird to manage the pool this year, is she trying to drive you crazy?" Sirius' voice came through the door to the bathroom where James was currently taking his morning shower. "Sirius, she is just a girl and if you make her uncomfortable she will quit and then Mum and Dad will be pissed and close our pool for the summer which is ridiculous because we're both adults who can handle swimming in a pool." James threw the door to the shower open, his glasses in hand as he held the towel around his waist. "Mate I was simply making an observation that mum has clearly also made, she's a fit girl who isn't anything at all like your last ex." Sirius said holding his hands up in mock surrender. Sirius had his long black hair pulled into a topknot and his outfit screamed rebel with the black skinny jeans and a tired Doors shirt. "Ooooh, what if she's super smart, mum was lamenting to Dad last night that you seem to attract a certain type of woman," he added a twinkle in his eye as he moved out of his brother's way to his bedroom, "think about that, mom setting you up with the pool girl." "If she was super smart she would not be working as our summer pool girl the only university under an hour drive is Oxford and I'd know if we were going to the same school." James said shaking his head as he shut the door on his overly nosey brother. "Trust me if she went to Oxford I would have definitely noticed her," he muttered to himself as he got dressed, absolutely not thinking about the fact Lily was probably sitting in front of the pool in a suit right this second. Lily was not out by the pool when James walked down to the kitchen to grab his toast and egg from his mother. His mother was the perfect likeness of a professional woman Monday through Friday, but on weekends she tended to allow herself to relax. Euphemia was making breakfast in worn jeans and a simple shirt. James loved spending his mornings catching up with his mother. She worked in London often home only on the weekends. She chose to spend weeks closer to the office. "Hey mum how are you this morning?" "I'm well James, eggs are done and toast will be done in a moment," she smiled at her son. James was more like his father than her on his best days, and watching her son scrub at his eyes while looking out the kitchen window towards the guest house he was a spitting image of his father. "You know she already cleaned the pool, if you'd been up earlier you would have seen her." Euphemia smirked as her son scoffed and shrugged. Though he almost chocked on his tea trying to ignore his mother's comment about trying to find the new pool girl. James felt heat rising on his neck and cheeks letting him know that his mother's statement had in fact gotten to him. Clearing his throat, he turned to his mother eyebrow raised in mock insult. "I'm surprised you're here, considering Da commented that he'd be going to Dorset for the weekend at the beach house." "I'm leaving in an hour to join your father young man, I just wanted to see you and Sirius before I left you guys all alone with a woman you don't know," she said placing two plates filled with food on the table just as Sirius waltzed in his eyes round and excitement radiating off of him. "Morning Mum, hope we didn't keep you from your romantic weekend with Dad," Sirius said placing a kiss to Euphemia's cheek before grabbing a cup from the shelf, and filling it with his tea. "Nonsense, the romance doesn't start till I get there so he'll be fine," Euphemia's voice filled with innocence and sarcasm resulted in gagging sounds from her two adult sons. "Seriously children, you brought it up, what did you think I was going to say?" "Not that, Christ ma, you and da?" James shuddered at the thought of his mother and father bumping nasties in the beach house. Tucking into his breakfast he smiled at his mother and shook his head, "Absolutely horrid behaviour." "Nah I think it's great that they can keep the flame going at their age." Sirius said laughing as his mother gasped in shock and threw the dish towel at him. "Oh, come on mum, it's not like you were a nun what with having a son and all." "I'll remind you that I didn't need to have sex with your father to get you and yet here you are and I'm grateful every day," she said reaching over the kitchen table and held his hand tightly. Sirius felt his eyes moisten and squeezed back smiling at his adoptive mother and then cleared his throat tucking into his breakfast. Clearing her own throat Euphemia looked at both of her sons and smiled. "So, a few ground rules about Lily-" she held up a hand to stop the interruptions starting "-yes you two need ground rules, there will be no flirting or making the young woman uncomfortable. You will treat her with respect and she has evenings off unless I tell her that she needs to manage the pool during a party. She is a bright girl and you will both treat her with respect and civility." "Yes Mum," both boys said eerily similar to two school children being scolded for a crime they had yet to commit. Standing up from the table Euphemia smiled at her children and grabbed her purse. "I'll see you guys next weekend don't break the house while were gone and tell Remus that I hope the treatments are helping more now. Let Peter know I wish him luck at his new job." Lily was having a fantastic day; her boss had let her know that she'd probably only have to keep the pool clean this week unless her sons and their friends came by for the weekend. She had gotten up at four cleaned the pool, made a cuppa and then settled into her summer course work. By a little after ten her boss had bid her farewell and sped off for a romantic weekend with her husband. Lily had changed from her jumper and shorts into her bikini and shorts. This summer was starting unusually warm and it was 29 degrees outside. Grabbing her latest book, phone and headphones, she slipped her black flip flops on. Seeing no one outside she grabbed her water bottle by the door and walked out to the pool patio. Settling in a lounge chair she slipped her sunglasses over her eyes and sighed happily. Within minutes she was asleep the early morning catching up with her. "Lily. Lily?" a distant voice broke through her dream startling her awake. "Jesus Mary and Joseph!" She shot up clutching her chest. Looking around for the source of her sudden return to the world. Standing around her were James and two boys she didn't recognize. "Sorry, we just wanted to let our glorious lifeguard know that we're about to get into the pool," the one with the top knot said hands holding a stack of towels. "I'm only here as a certified lifesaver and pool cleaner, you don't have to tell me when you're getting into the water," she grumbled sitting up and realizing she was wearing only a pair of