1. I swirl a finger around the rim of my glass, staring out at the mass of drunken co-workers, all currently in the process of making gigantic fools of themselves. A giggle sounds beside me - Madge Undersee stumbling over too-high heels - and I raise a (for once, forcibly, painfully) groomed eyebrow at my friend. "Have you seen Peeta any - hiccup - where?" The blonde falls into another fit of giggles, wrapping an arm around my waist and tucking her head into the crook of my neck. She's always been taller than me and in those ankle-breakers I can't see how this position is possibly comfortable, but she tugs me closer and I decide that it doesn't really matter. Knowing she can't see me, I let my eyes roll. Peeta Mellark. Madge has had a crush on him since he arrived at the office and I'll never understand the attraction. I mean physically… Fine. I'm not blind. But there's something about the fact that I've never seen him do anything but smile, or joke with friends, or get along with even the grumpiest of the office's cleaners. There's something suspicious about someone who's just so... nice. He could probably charm the panties off Haymitch Abernathy. Madge slumps further against me, sipping on some pink concoction through a straw. I can't help but think of that movie with Ryan Gosling and wish more than anything I could be at home, lazing on my couch, enjoying his chiselled abs, rather than be at Heavensbee & Coin's annual company Christmas party. The Party of the Year! I feel rather than hear her deep sigh, "He said that he'd see me at the Christmas party. But I think he was just being polite." Not knowing quite how to respond, I lift an arm and pat the delicate lace covering her shoulder. She leans back to give me a wry smile that says something like 'thanks for trying', but as she does – speak of the devil… – Peeta appears, like some kind of sober mirage in the desert of inebriation. It's a struggle to maintain a face that is moderately welcoming, and I only manage it because of the way Madge brightens entirely. Peeta smiles at her, all straight white teeth and lips stretched wide across pale skin, for a moment I'm glad Madge still has her arm around me because I wouldn't be surprised if she went a little weak in the knees. But then he turns to me and the grin falls right down into the kind of perfunctory smile he shares with every other human on the planet. It still manages to be more pleasant than anything I could muster. Though I still have to remind myself that I hate him, and I've made it obvious, and there's no reason why Peeta Mellark would want to share one of those disarming smiles with me. Madge, usually so perceptive, seems oblivious in her drunken state and raises a pale hand to Peeta's forearm, squeezing slightly before saying, a little breathlessly, "Almost thought I wouldn't see you tonight." He lets out a chuckle, a warm rumble that I can see has Madge's cheeks filling with heat. I find myself turning away, as though I'm an intruder on an intimate moment even though he was the one that walked up to us. Instead of standing around watching this prelude to lovefest, I decide the best option is to excuse myself. Madge has been raving for weeks about how much she likes this guy and the last thing I need right now is being the awkward third wheel. So I go to tug Madge's arm from around my waist, hoping that she's so caught up in Peeta Mellark that she won't even notice I'm gone. But the sharp sting of five perfectly manicured fingernails digging into my side halts further progress. I turn to her with a glare and she releases me with a raise of an eyebrow that I know means "Stay or there will be consequences." So much for an easy getaway. Peeta watches the interaction with a smirk tugging at his lips and I hate that this plan was ruined. Now I not only have to spend more time in his presence but he knows that I'm desperate not to be here. He lifts a beer bottle to his lips and catches my eyes as he takes a long pull. I narrow my gaze, hoping that for once he'll act like all my other co-workers and get scared off, but he merely winks at me. "So, Katniss," he drawls, clearly amused at my discomfort, "How'd you get the pleasure of being friends with the lovely Madge?" I have to give him credit for being able to both piss me off and flirt with Madge all in the same sentence. Her giggle sounds again and I send Peeta a pointed look that he shrugs off with a smile. "We met in school." I purse my lips and Madge prods my side. "Actually," she says, sounding some fraction of her sober self, "We only sat together at lunch because we had no one else to sit with." She laughs as though this doesn't make us sound like complete losers, "We didn't talk to each other for almost a year – Katniss here has always been a bit of a quiet one," she leans forward to catch my eye, "Hm?" I cross my arms and look away. Like Madge was Little Miss Chatterbox. Peeta does that chuckle again and I decide to add it to the list of things that I hate about him. I can't really pinpoint where it all started (sort of a lie, but it's hard to admit to yourself that you don't like someone because they gave you their sandwich when you forgot yours) but hating him has felt like second nature since he arrived. And the worst part is that he's never anything but kind. It feels like a game. How mean can I be before he finally snaps? It's not like he takes it standing down, if anything – as evidenced by this conversation – he seems to enjoy how much I hate him. Masochistic freak. "So I hear you're changing departments?" Madge questions with a tilt of her head and a saccharine smile – a look perfected through years of sitting through polite dinner conversations with her father's political work mates. I look back at Peeta to find his gaze already on me. "Yeah," he says, blue eyes moving back to Madge, with a smile that almost looks nervous. "I'm actually moving into Katniss' department." I feel my stomach drop: please no, not him. His eyes flicker to mine for a beat and if I hadn't been concentrating I mightn't have noticed the brief downturn of his lips at my expression. But in the same moment he's a mask of cool composure and I know that I imagined it. "Yeah," he continues in response to Madge's shocked expression, "I was talking to Heavensbee the other day and he thought it would be best, said there was a bit of a lack of um, artistic talent over that way." He lifts a hand to tug at the blond waves falling across his forehead, shooting me a sheepish smile. I narrow my eyes at him even though it's likely true. "Well," I say with a clipped tone, reaching out a hand, "It's been a pleasure, Mellark, I guess I'll see you on Monday." A large, strong hand grips mine and I hate the way his eyes crinkle in amusement. So much for a Happy New Year. 2. "Have you seen Mellark?" I ask as Madge and I head to the bar for a drink. She gives me a sharp look and I merely shrug. Ever since last year's Christmas party, when Peeta politely but firmly declined Madge's offer to take him home, she's been a little less keen on spending time with him. I remember spending the rest of the party playing 'Guess Who's Fucking Tonight?' with Haymitch in some corner of the room and number one on my list had been Peeta and Madge. So when she'd returned a few hours later a little teary and a lot gloomy, Haymitch had chuckled as he made me down the rest of my drink before I could take the blonde home for ice cream and chick flicks. " Boys suck! I'm never going to bother again - he was into me? Wasn't he into me? Katniss?" I hadn't thought my night could get worse. So Monday at the office had been kind of awkward. But then I see that annoying blond mop is winding it's way through the drunken crowd towards us. He lifts a hand to wave but he seems a bit distracted by the Christmassy tones of Mariah Carey. I look down at my ever sensible shoes to hide the way my lips quirk up at his silliness. It turns out Peeta Mellark loves Christmas. Our department has been filled with Christmas carols since the moment the calendar clocked over to December (and not a moment sooner, thank fucking Christ.) He even strung up a little cardboard Christmas tree and decorated it with little hanging pictures of everyone in the department. He also dedicates this enthusiasm to Easter (we all got hand decorated Easter eggs), April Fool's Day (I'm still getting the glitter out of my clothes), 4th of July (I was surprised when he didn't cover my computer in an American flag), Halloween (I think I spent a week recovering from the fake mummy he'd placed in the filing cabinet), Thanksgiving (okay, he makes the best pumpkin pie I've ever eaten). And those are just the public holidays I can remember. I most definitely hated all of it. But I guess I've also never had a more enjoyable year at work. So maybe working with him wasn't quite as awful as I'd first imagined it would be. He sidles up to us, singing out of tune – "I don't want a lot for Christmas… there is just one thing I need!" I try to shove him away but he just laughs and throws an arm around my shoulder, pulling me into his side. "I thought you weren't coming, Everdeen." "I wasn't," I mumble, glancing across at the secret smirk Madge shoots my way. I had been very happily lounging around my apartment in pyjamas when she showed up with a dress and a bottle of wine and a mission she refused to fail. From the corner of my eye I see Peeta wink at Madge, "Thanks for the help with that one." Of course. I duck out from under his arm and shoot the pair of them a glare. "Since when did you two become buddies?" Peeta raises an eyebrow at me and I realise how jealous I sound. "I'm just not sure if I like how easy it is for you to gang up on me. Madge has a key to my house and you have a key to my desk. This could all go sour very quickly." He just smiles and shrugs, "Got to have some advantage over you Everdeen." Whatever. I turn back to the bar, seeing the line's gone down. The barman's back is turned but the slope of the shoulders, the straight dark hair, it all seems oddly familiar. "Gale?" The figure turns, confusion crinkling his brows, before he sees me and I'm being pulled over the bar into a tight hug. "Catnip!" I can feel the wet bar soaking my (thankfully) black dress and try to push away before I wind up needing to spend the next hour under the hand dryer in the ladies' bathroom. The laughter bubbles out of me regardless. I haven't seen Gale in years, not since I'd managed to get out of District Twelve to study and he'd been sent off to the mines. We'd