Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Do note that this is part 1 of a trilogy. Please Review :) Lucius POV It was a dark, quiet night in Godric's Hollow. A completely ordinary night in a slightly unusual village. If not for the fact it was Halloween, the muggle perversion of the magical world's most sacred night, Samhain, the little village would be at best, boring. It was just before 11pm when several loud cracks broke the silence, three men appearing one of the villages most unpopulated streets. "Where issss it Wormtail," the man in center, tallest of the three, hissed. The man might have been handsome once, before his skin turned pale vomit green and his dark locks had fallen out. Riddle always regretted the stupid ritual he'd performed in his late twenties that had merged himself and his serpent familiar...his beautiful face, perfect skin, and luscious dark hair all ruined by the folly of using a ritual the old goat-f*ker had mentioned in one of his Transfiguration lessons as a boy. That it had been a lecture on what NOT to do to become an animugus was completely irrelevant to the serpentine Dark Lord. "Right there milord," the man, if he could be called that, on the Dark Lord's left said, sniveling as he pointed a shaking finger at what looked to be an empty space. The aristocratic blond standing on the other side of the Snake-faced being scoffed, wondering to himself how he'd ever become involved with the idiotic crowd he now hung around. Lucius Malfoy, at age 26, had spent the majority of his youth - when not in school - at his family home in Southern France where muggle nude beaches, beach bunnies, and surfing were his main interests...he was, at his core, a total dude. Then he remembered with an internal grimance - his father, Abraxas, signed that damn contract bethrothing him to that infernal bitch Narcissia, imperio-ing him to go through with it. Not to mention the number of compulsions and bindings that had been placed on him to stop him from leaving in any way (including suicide). And then he was imperio'd and compulsed again on his 'wedding night' (shudder). And again to face his father's old friend from school (aka the snake faced bastard to his right) to join the cause: getting rid the world's 'muggle filth' and 'magic theives' (ie muggleborn...not that he actually believed any of the sh*t his family sprouted). And again when Narcissia didn't conceive and again and again and again...you get get the idea. Even after the old bastard finally died of 'heart failure' 3 months ago (thank you Dobby!), he still couldn't get free because of his bitch wife and her insane sister. They had once again, trapped him in his own mind with the thrice-damn imperius curse and the many compulsion charms that had been his father's, now his wifes, specialties. Lucius couldn't help but curse the Marijuana he'd smoked to get his mind off his girl once he'd graduated (and she didn't). The damn drugs had rid him of all natural mental barriers! He just thanked whatever deity that had granted his prayer for his bitch wife to become pregnant and birth a live 'heir'. The baby was a caustic reminder of the continuous rape he'd endured. Rape not only permitted but enforced by his own father. Lucius had every intention of disinheriting the child the MOMENT he could file for divorce from Narcissia. Probably wasn't even his...a simple paternity charm would confirm it. To hide his inner turmoil, Lucius addressed the appropriately nic-named rodent man. "The address Wormtail," Lucius drawled in his imperius slurred tone. "The Fidelis charm can only be broken by providing at exact address or killing the castor" which is extremely unlikely seeing as you said it was old man Dumbledore that cast it. Why the Potter's chose this idiot as their secret keeper I will NEVER understand. "R-r-r-right," Wormtail stuttered. "The Potter's live in the Lion's Den, 165 Griffins Cresent." Before their eyes a picturesque cottage appeared, the sound of a baby's cries could be heard from the open window along with its mother's sweet coos. "Sssstay here my loyal ssservantsss," Voldemort hissed before moving toward the cottage, his dark robes billowing majestically around him. Wormtail watched in awe as his master went to full his destiny. Even Lucius, through his imperius curse daze, admitted that the power pouring out of the old Snake was impressive and privately hoped that the Potter's had a backup plan. Harry POV Baby Hadrian had been watching the three darkly cloaked men that appeared on the other side of the street since they had arrived. One he recognized, it was the icky rat-man that came around every so often. With the poopy-brown colour that sounded him constantly - not like the pretty pink (though often hidden by a sickly violet veil after tea time) of his mother or the vibrant orange that surrounded his Pa-foo (padfoot) - he really couldn't understand why his parents kept the rat-man around. It had to be his daddy, as much as he didn't like to think it. His daddy had a happy yellow entwined with a pale gray colour glow; it wasn't the nicest of colours but was not the worst either. Harry loved his daddy but there were times when felt a little worried in his company. The point was, even with his daddy's guarantee, Harry still REALLY disliked Wormy. The pretty white haired man seemed okay enough; his colours were a little disorienting. Harry could tell that the man's colours looked like the pretty water his mom showed him in pictures of sunny beaches (aquamarine blue), but for some reason it was tainted by two ugly dark shades. Maybe he'd tell his mom about it later...she could help the pretty man, she always helped him with his boo-boos after all. Now the last man on the street was an entirely different matter. His colours were as horrendous as his visage, a meld of sick-up green, mud brown, blood red, and black that seemed to stretch in several directions. It was quite a monstrosity...the type of thing that Harry had nightmares about. Harry shuddered and cried out in hopes of warning his mommy and daddy but his mother merely shush'd him and hummed a lullaby. The bad man was getting closer to the house and his mother ignoring his warning. Harry had no choice...he had to act! But what to do? And then he saw it, his family's salvation (at least temporarily...enough to get his parents attention in any case). In front of the cottage were two brightly lit jack-o-lanterns that his mommy and daddy had carved earlier that day. At first mommy had argued that no one would see them so there was no point in it but daddy said it was a harmless tradition so she gave in. With a small smirk and mischievous glint that the Potter's, had they seen it, would have laid directly on James' genetics (and possibly too much time with Sirius), Harry waved his hands making the pumpkins float slightly (not enough for anyone to notice). He then remembered his daddy dragging the icky bag outside like all the other daddies on the street once it had turned dark outside and placed his attention on the garbage cans already placed on the curb. Carefully, Harry used his magic to remove the lids from the cans and untied the bags so their bounty was loose. He pretended to cry to keep his mother where she was, in front of the window, where he could see what he was doing. Voldemort POV Voldemort was nearly giggling in glee as he moved towards the Potter house, keeping his cackling internal. He needed to ensure his presence appeared majestic to his followers and intimidating to his victims (or so he thought). Everything was going according to plan; when Severus had showed up all those months ago with wild tales about prophecies Voldemort had been worried but now that the end of his supposed nemesis was near, he wondered what he had been so paranoid about in the first place. It was just a baby after all...while he didn't like the screaming little crap machines it wasn't like it could hurt him. No, as Voldemort confidently moved to the edge of the Fidelis barrier, he wasn't worried at all. He should have been paying more attention. Wormtail POV Wormtail, aka Peter Pettigrew, was in awe. He was oh, so glad he had agreed to spy on his so-called friends and the Order for his master. The Dark Lord was so powerful, so rich, so terribly rewarding (he'd never had a woman before that muggle bitch the dark lord had given him during the revel where he had received his mark and torturing muggles did take the edge off his more violent fantasies). With the death of James and the subsequent blame falling on Sirius for the Potter's deaths Peter would be the number one Marauder (Lupin, being a werewolf, didn't count). When the garbage cans and jack-o-lanterns on the street started levitating and slowly inching towards the Potter's cottage - and therefore the towards Dark Lord - Wormtail gapped and fell to his knees. Peter had never seen wandless magic to this extent before...so magical his lord was that it rendered him speechless. Lucius POV When things on the street started floating Lucius' first thought was what the hell was the Dark Lord thinking, wasting power on wandless magic to make himself appear powerful. He turned away from Wormtail, disgusted as the rodent fell to his knees in worship of Lord Moldyshorts. It didn't take him long to realize that it was some else levitating the floating objects. Seeing as the Potter's were the only known wizarding family on this street, Lucius had no doubt that at least one of the Potter's knew they were there. He hoped it was Lily, the sweet red-headed witch he had secretly dated through his sixth and seventh (her fouth and fifth respectively) years at Hogwarts. At least with her at the helm maybe he would get a fair trial, and, perhaps, an expedient divorce if not a date. Harry POV His arsenal ready Harry waited for the perfect moment, his green eyes glowing with power. And then it happened...the ugly snake man (not that Harry had anything against snakes mind-you; he thought they were great conservationists) stepped through the bubble-like barrier Harry remembered a creepy old man had created a long time ago. It was time! "ATTACK!" Harry yelled laughing, clapping his hands as things went according his plan. Lily POV 'CRASH' 'BANG' 'SPLAT' "AHHHGYYHHHHHHHHHHH!" "Harry? What in Merlins name?!" Lily had spun around just in time to see every garbage can on Griffins Cresent empty their contents on Voldemort's head, starting with the one filled with Harry's dirty diapers followed by twenty others after which the actual bins clanked as, one by one, they dropped on top of the Dark Lord's head. Voldemort looked absolutely furious, sort of like a toddler having a really bad tantrum. He was actually running in circles, waving his arms like a total loon. It sort of reminded her of that American television cartoon with the weird duck and the carrot munching rabbit. Lily watched in fascinated horror as the pumpkin she had so painstakingly carved (not really as she was simply humoring James) joined the fray, plopping itself down on the Dark Lord's head. Meanwhile, the other pumpkins and a scarecrow (that somehow had become animated) attacked one of the figures across the street like starving dogs after a juicy bone. Lily instantly identified the pumpkins target as Peter Pettigrew. The other figure, who looked to be her former beau, Lucius, wasn't being attacked by anything and frankly looked as though he were fighting something internally (Lily had certainly seen him brood enough during their time together in