Chapter 1 000 "I spy with my little eye something….green." "Oh….dare's too many gweens in your home….can you gives me 'nother hint, Unca Dway-co?" Draco looked down into the precocious face of the little boy sitting beside him. His jet-black hair curled around his head like a halo, indicating his mother's influence and the telltale emerald eyes revealed his father's. The handsome son of Harry Potter and Hermione Granger was watching him with an expectant expression. Smirking, he indulgently gave in. "Oh, all right. I spy with my little eye something green….near the fireplace." As the boy looked eagerly in the direction of the hint, Draco couldn't help but be reminded of all the times he had seen the boy's father push his glasses up his nose just like his son had just done. Little James had not just inherited his father's eye color but his eyesight, too, the poor little tyke. The round glasses perched on his nose looked too thick to belong to a boy of four, but Hermione had said part of the reason for his poor vision was James' love of reading. Well, at least that part was Hermione's fault. Draco didn't think he even knew what the alphabet was at four, but James always had his nose stuck in a book. "Is it that vase ova dare?" he pointed. Draco shook his head. "Try again." While James searched, Draco thought back to how and when Harry and Hermione had become a couple. The war had changed many lives in the wizarding world. It had changed the Weasley's immensely. Unable to overcome their grieving for Fred, they had transferred their hatred of Voldemort to Harry. It was his fault Fred had died. If he had only conquered the Dark Lord sooner, their son might still be living. The feeling was irrational, it was wrong, but it was also unfortunately pervasive. Before long, the only Weasley who would speak to Harry was Charlie. Ron shunned him; Ginny gave him up. All he had left was Hermione, who had been given an ultimatum by her adopted family. Disgusting them all, she chose to stand by the Boy Who Lived. Ginny had been particularly vindictive. "You've been waiting for this chance, haven't you? You always wanted him." Draco shook his head. The youngest Weasley had been just as delusional as her older brother. Ron had had a fit when Hermione stood staunchly by Harry. "I get it," he seethed. "Just like before when we were hunting horcruxes; you wouldn't leave him then, just like you won't now. I never had a chance with you, did I? Ginny was right." Draco wondered at the Weasleys' intelligence. Didn't they realize they had effectively pitted Harry and Hermione against the lot of them? Of course, they would band together. Common sense should have told them they would eventually become a couple. It had been a big sensation when Harry and Hermione announced their engagement. The Brightest Witch of her Age and the Chosen One were not back page fodder. The press had gone wild. Draco remembered seeing the headline in the morning's paper five months after his sentencing. Thursday, November 12, 1998 had been a cold day, he recalled. It had been two months since his father had received The Kiss for his crimes in the war. Draco had been been eating breakfast with his mother when the house elf brought the paper with the toast. "Well, well, well…..," he'd said. "What is it, Dear?" Draco leaned over to hand the paper to his mother. "It's just what I predicted." Narcissa hummed in sympathy. "Those poor dears. The way that Arthur's family is treating them is abominable. I do hope they will be happy together." "Why shouldn't they be? Look at this article...they've got the whole wizarding world groveling at their feet." Narcissa looked at him shrewdly. "Is that sour grapes I'm hearing, Son?" Draco's face darkened. His mother could always read him like a book. But instead of confirming her suspicions, all he said was, "I don't know what you mean." "Come now, Draco. There's no need to dodge my question. I'm not your father, bless his misguided soul. You've fancied Miss Granger for awhile, haven't you?" Draco wasn't willing to admit to anything. Why should he when nothing would ever come of it? Especially now with the announcement of their engagement. "Me? Fancy a mud…" "Don't say that word, Dear. Besides, that just proves my point. You never really believed that dogma, the same as I. For you to revert to your father's language meant I hit close to the mark." Narcissa watched Draco as he sighed, then rested his face against his palm. At that moment, he didn't care that his elbow was on the table. "Mother…..what is the point of all this? Hermione is marrying Potter. With our history, she never would have considered me as a suitor. I was a loser before I started. Face it, Mum…..when have I ever been able to compete against The Boy Who Lived?" "True losers are not those who try and fail, but those who fail to try." Then she gave her son a pointed look. "Don't hate others for trying when you would not." Draco had no comment to that. 000 About a month after their wedding, Hermione discovered she was pregnant. Draco found out when she came into the potion shop he had just opened in Diagon Alley. His house arrest finished, he'd been busy stocking the store with potions he'd made while confined at the manor. Hearing the door magically tinkle to alert him to a customer, he'd gone to the front to see Hermione looking at different items on the shelves. When she saw him, a startled look appeared on her face. "Malfoy….I…..I didn't realize…...you work here?" He grinned. "It's worse than that…..I own this store." Hermione's eyes widened in surprise. "You do?' "The name over the door didn't clue you in on that, Granger?" he said, chuckling. He watched as her cheeks blushed crimson. "Er…..I didn't notice it…..sorry." A myriad of emotions danced over her face. Taking pity on her, he said, "Congratulations on your marriage to Potter." He felt like a liar saying it, but it seemed to steady Hermione's nerves. A small smile flitted across her features. "Thank you. It's uh….sort of the reason I'm here, to tell you the truth." "Oh?" Draco didn't see how their marriage and his business had anything to do with the another. "Er...yes. You see, it's just that I found out...um...that is, we were told that….well….," she looked at Draco's uncomprehending grey eyes, "I'm pregnant, Draco. And I need a potion….to help with morning sickness." Draco felt like he'd received a punch to his gut. Hermione had called him Draco . Of course, she had to say it when announcing her pregnancy. Pain seemed to be Draco's lot in life…. his secret love was carrying Harry Potter's baby. Well, whose else would it be, idiot? He asked himself. Still, it hurt. Try as he might to stomp out the flame within him that burned for the Gryffindor Princess, it wouldn't go out. He'd resigned himself to a solitary life. His mother had attempted to set him up with other witches, but even she knew it was futile. Draco's heart, like hers, would love only once. It was the Black way. Just because he wasn't loved back wouldn't change it. "Are….are you alright?" Hermione's concerned voice brought him back to the present. She gently touched his arm. Draco softly sucked in his breath. Misinterpreting it, Hermione hastily moved her hand. "I'm sorry," she muttered. "I didn't know you still felt that way." "I don't," he interrupted as he reached out to grab her hand. "I was just surprised. That's all." Hermione's face brightened hearing that. It was torture for Draco to see it. Quickly letting go of her hand, he said, "I don't have what you need at present, but if you come back this afternoon, I'll have it ready." Nodding, Hermione picked up her bag but before she began to make her way out of the store, she stood on her tiptoes to give Draco a soft kiss on the cheek. "Thank you, Draco. Harry and I don't get much support. The Weasleys have a strong influence in the wizarding community, and you know…..we're not very high on their list." Draco bristled in anger. Potter and Hermione should be the darlings of the Wizarding World, but thanks to the Weasley's campaign of blackballing them, they were now practically friendless. He put his hand on her shoulder. Hermione looked up questioningly at him. "Not everyone follows the dictates of that House. You and Potter come to the Manor tomorrow night. Come be a part of our circle." Hermione looked at him with wide eyes, but nodded. Once she had left his shop, Draco groaned. I'm in for it now, he thought. 000 That had been the start of their friendship. Draco still didn't care much for Potter, but for Hermione's sake he bit his lip and pretended he did. On the evening of their first dinner at the manor, Draco invited Blaise Zabini, Theo Nott and Pansy Parkinson. He didn't know that the three he asked would bring others, but after he'd told them why he wanted them there, they lost no time in filling up the spaces around the Malfoy's dining table. Pansy brought Neville Longbottom with her; Blaise made sure Luna Lovegood was included. Theo, bless him, had remembered Hermione's friendship with Viktor Krum from their fourth year and dropped him a line, filling him in with Hermione and Harry's plight. The good-natured Bulgarian had brought his entire Quidditch team to the meal. When Hermione and Harry arrived, Narcissa was the first to greet them. "Welcome to the Manor, Mr. and Mrs. Potter," she said. "We're so pleased you could come." Hermione and Harry looked around at the changed appearance of the manor. Hermione breathed a sigh of relief. There was nothing there that reminded her of her previous visit and torture at the hands of Bellatrix. Narcissa had her elves take their coats. Hermione was wearing a lovely heather-colored gown. The soft material showcased the small bump that was just beginning to show. "Thank you for having us, Mrs. Malfoy," said Harry. "No need to thank me, dear. This was all Draco's doings," she said. Harry raised his brow at that. Hermione grinned and whispered, "Told you." Narcissa led them from the foyer into the massive dining room. There, already seated was the group waiting for them. "Blimey," Harry murmured as he looked at the faces looking back at them. "You didn't tell me, 'Mione." "I…..I didn't know myself," she stuttered, tears beginning to form in her eyes at the overwhelming support. Pansy was the first one who spoke. Rising from her chair, she haltingly said, "I would like to apologize for my...er….bad behavior, Potter. I'm glad you defeated that monster. Truly, I am." He and Hermione could both see the sincerity in her eyes. "I appreciate that, Parkinson," he said. "It's Pansy to all my friends." Both of the Potters understood Pansy's offer of friendship. Harry nodded his head, moved, but Hermione walked over to give Pansy a hug. "Thank you….. Pansy ," she said gratefully. "Aw, gee…..I'd forgotten what a huggy bunch you Gryffindors were," drawled Blaise while watching the tender scene. "You don't have room to talk, Blaisey ," Theo smirked. "You and your Ravenclaw are the definition of touchy-feely." "Did you know the term touchy-feely's origins were from a Muggle politician's..…," was all Luna was able to get out before Harry cried out joyfully upon seeing his friend. "Luna!" After that, the formal dinner became more like a family reunion. Hugs and kisses and thanks abounded. Hermione went over to give Viktor a hug and a chaste kiss, Neville clapped Harry on the back and told him Ron had his head in