Sauron regains the one ring. As Frodo, claims the one ring for him self in the Crack of Doom, Sauron see's his worst fears realised, for he could never conceive the idea of his enemies having enough will power to not only resist the power of the ring but also to take it to the very heart of Mordor. With a roar of sear terror and desperation, the foundations of Bard'dur shuck, with another roar his Nazgul flew at great speed to Mount Doom, seeking only the ring and willing to kill anything in there way. Completely forgetting about the army of the west at his gates, now knowing they are nothing more than a distraction, his eye pierces all obstacles before him, he now see's the one ring, in the very place it was created, the one place it could be unmade, and with it all Sauron had rebuilt, even at high speeds the thought of his Nazgul getting there in time was filled with doubt as Frodo was already there in the Crack of Doom whereas the Nazgul where still on there way, all it would take is the drop of his ruling ring and he would be no more… But hope remains as he can see Frodo has claimed the ring as his own, perhaps this momentary laps in reason would allow the Nazgul to reclaim the ring, as Sauron knows any wearer of the ring, with no control over it's power would only become invisible, out of sight to those who would try and do harm to the ring,. As he watch's helplessly from the summit of Bard'dur his hope continues to grow, as now Frodo is attempting to leave the crack of doom, his mind now completely succumb to it's power, he him self wants no harm to come to "his Precious". He now dares to look away from the ring to see the progress of the battle with the remaining army of the west, to his great displeasure he see's his Orc army split and divided, they them selves confused over there masters reactions, not knowing why there master whom they believe to be all-powerful now cries in absolute fear, to his greater displeasure he see's some of his army's now marching on mount doom them selves thinking there masters time has ended and now they can take the ring for them selves. This did not bother Sauron as all who stood in his way would be destroyed when he got the ring back, but for those who have betrayed him at his darkest hour can only hope for death, if Sauron gets the ring back the one who betrayed him will suffer a lot more then his enemies will. Now Sauron looks back to mount doom to see the ring, as he looks he can see his Orc's have done something good for him despite the fact they betrayed him, they have killed the creature Gollum, the foal thing that was addicted to the ring and may have unknowingly brought it to harm, if he had to fight Frodo over ownership, especially in the crack of doom where if either slipped or dropped the ring, Sauron would be undone. With Gollum dead there was nothing stopping Frodo leaving the crack of doom making it easier for the Nazgul to safely reclaim the ring. A new problem had resin though, a army of traitorous Orc's now stood between the Nazgul and the ring, to get to Sauron's road and the crack of doom itself, Sauron would have to assist the Nazgul, he would have to have a strong servant here and now but none still lived, and then it came to him, revive the witch king, but to do this he would require a piece of him, anything could be used, a shard of armour or his sword, and then it came to him. After the battle of Pellanor fields Sauron ordered the recovery of the witch kings helmet, it was in the encampment on the slopes of mount doom, the spell would be an easy thing to do once the helmet is recovered, a slaughter of any enemy to Sauron would work as the blood of the enemy would complete the spell and with the traitorous Orc's now all around mount doom they have become enemies to Sauron. As he continues to watch his Nazgul make there assault on the now enemy controlled mount doom, Sauron turns his sights on his ring, seeing that Frodo has left the crack of doom completely and is making his way down Sauron's road and his way out of Mordor, finally his fear gone and in it's place shear happiness and delight as he was so close to returning to full power and nothing to stop him now, with this in mind he goes to see the progress of the Nazgul and sees them in precession of the witch kings helmet, now killing Orc's, one after another. The witch king was now ready to be reborn, with the piece of armour and sufficient amounts of enemy blood, Sauron used his magic to bring the witch king back to life. With his champion reborn the Nazgul, embark on there task to reclaim the ring, now very close to where they are, Sauron commands them to be cautious as he won't underestimate a Hobbit again and that even the most unlikely thing could still happen. Frodo now making his way though the camps on the slopes of mount doom still under the invisibility effects of the ring is silently followed by the Nazgul, one by one they circle him, keeping to the shadows, four now follow behind, two from the left, two from the right and the witch king goes for a frontal assault, hopping that when seen Frodo will helplessly run in to one of the others. There plan works flawlessly the witch king once again faces Frodo face to face, like the time on weather top Frodo backs away but this time he is surrounded, blinded by his obsession with the ring, he cries out that the ring is his, to which the Nazgul with no will of there own just stab Frodo under Sauron's orders, with the last hope for Middle Earth dead, the witch king takes the ring from Frodo's finger and mounts his Fell beast and flies to Bard'dur to give his master what he has wanted for the last nine hundred years. Now at Bard'dur the witch king begins the assent to the summit, to which he will give Sauron the ring, now at the height anyone can walk to, Sauron merges with the ring and reforms his body, at this time he give out a loud screech, to which all captains of the west watch and only hope it's a sign that the ring has been destroyed, but with the screech over, Bard'dur still stands, the only difference is the eye of Sauron isn't on the summit, with the army of the west seeing the army of Orc's seemingly retreating to Mordor and the black gates closing with the eye of Sauron gone they cheer as they believe victory has been gained. But to there great disappointment the black gates reopen moments later and out walks only one black silhouette of a man, tall and big, nearly the height of a cave troll but clad in black armour wielding a mace, the faces on the captains dropped, and suddenly turned to fear, they knew who had walked out of the black gates but didn't want to believe it. And with a bone chilling voice he spoke. " Yes, your eyes don't deceive you, I am Sauron, king of men and all of middle earth" while showing his finger with the ring on it, glowing brightly with it's evil inscription shown as bright as sunlight. At this there was a sudden silence, non could think at what to say to this, but Aragorn stood firm and readied his sword, in ages past the same sword destroyed Sauron, therefore it was capable of doing it again, but that was due to Sauron's overconfidence, this time he won't be so careless and as fast as he could Aragorn ran towards Sauron ready to swing his sword at him, at the same time Sauron readied his mace for one swing. Where Sauron only had to hit Aragon with his mace once to kill him, Aragon himself had the harder task, to cut Sauron's finger off, a true test of skill to hit the correct finger with sword. But Sauron had waited for this monument for to long, to kill the last king of men, he would not be denied his victory, not here not now. And with one mighty swing from his mace he hit the king of men full in the chest, Aragorn at the last monument of his life knew that he failed all who followed him and now they would die because of his mistakes and failures. At the sight of Aragorn's body, lifeless on the ground what remained of the fellowship ran at Sauron who merely laughed at this foolish attempt to stop him, with another swing Aomer and Legoles where as Aragorn was, lifeless and limp, Gandalf now pointed his staff at Sauron ready to cast magic, saw his staff shatter in front of his eyes, then with a loud voice Sauron said "do you not know death when you see it? Old man… the age of men and elves is over, now the age of Sauron has begun" to which Gandalf could do nothing but listen with terror as he knew it to be true. Despite this now being reality Gandalf still charged at him with his sword hoping that somehow someway there was a way of stopping this incarnation of evil. But eventually Gandalf could not stand against the darkness and was killed, Gimmly, Merry and Pippin tried to stand against Sauron but non could stop him, in the end the fellowship of the ring where killed by what brought them together, with all the leaders dead, the remaining part of the army wear killed by Sauron casting a spell which split the ground and shock the mountains, completely encompassing the army of the west and with it the last chance for middle earth to be free. With the army of men destroyed, Sauron knew the only threat left where the elves and the closest Elvin city was Lothlorin, with Galadriel and her ring of power. Sauron, at this point knew that now he had his ring back, the elves couldn't use there's or they would share the same fate as the nine kings of men in ages past, so all Sauron would have to deal with is the elves own magic which compared to his, was limited. To catch the elves by surprise, he and his lieutenant, the mouth of Sauron went to Lothlorin alone, he planned to give the elves a chance to surrender and live, but only for his own amusement as he knew if they where to fight they would lose. He sent the mouth of Sauron in to Lothlorin, knowing that if they killed him they would choose death then life and that, Sauron would grant them. But to Sauron's amazement the mouth of Sauron reported that they wished to meet with him to settle the terms of surrender, curious about this but still wary about the elves, he decided to go in to Lothlorin, to not show any signs of weakness he chose to go alone. Sauron could not understand this strange reaction out of the elves, he only offered the surrender to them because he was certain they wouldn't agree, this strange turn of events though made him think that maybe they had a plan to rid Middle Earth of Sauron, maybe by trying to take the ring, or a surprise attack on Sauron, but still even with these possibilities in mind