Disclaimer: No copyright infringement intended Author's Note: Here's some more lovely Galeniss from Katniss's perspective. Sorry it's on the sad side, but they can't all be happy, right? How to Land Yourself in the Community Home (and How to Get Out): I know there's a problem when I approach my house, and there are people crowding all around it, whispering to each other with ashen faces and thin lips. I don't think I've ever seen this many Seam people gathered around one house. Come to think of it, the only time we come together is when someone dies... I freeze when I reach the fence that surrounds our little house. I set my hand down on the gate, and it creaks on its hinges, gaping open like a mouth. All the people conglomerated on the lawn turn to look at me. And no one says a word. The woman nearest to the door lets her hand trail to her mouth, and the faint glistening of tear tracks flash on her face. Suddenly, fearing the worst, I reach out and hug Prim to my side, hoping I can protect her from whatever evil is upon us. That's when I hear it. Above the steady pounding of my heart, I hear someone hiss, "Her daughters..." like I can't even hear them. I push the gate open, and the creaking seems overly loud in the silence. I can hear every step I take down the thin gravel path towards the front door, and I even hear Prim's hesitant feet moving behind me. Someone's hand brushes my shoulder as I near the door, but I immediately shrug them off, sending my hardened glare in their direction. When I see that it's Hazelle Hawthorne and her eyes are sparkling with tears, the bottom of my stomach drops out, and a hollow sort of terror fills me from my feet up. I swallow back the dryness of my throat. I turn around, keeping my gaze away from all the pitying stares, and I think I already know what's inside waiting for me. But it still hits me like a ton of bricks. Lying on the kitchen table is a body, pale and stiff with death. They pull a white sheet over my mother's face, keeping their eyes downcast to the ground. Then everyone turns back to me, where I'm standing frozen in the doorway, unable to move. This whole scene seems so nightmare-ish and surreal that I'm totally lost for a moment. My eyes flash around the gray room at the grieving faces of total strangers. At the flicker light hanging from the roof. But mostly at the white cloth pulled over my mother's corpse on the kitchen table, as it goes in and out of focus in my eyes. It's Prim's cry of anguish that brings me back to reality. She bursts forth from behind me, and I reach out a second too late to pull her back to my side so that we can cry together. But someone else intercepts her before she can cling to our mother's body like a grief-stricken fool. And then I take a stumbling step forward as it all comes raining down on me too. Suddenly, the grief and agony pierce into my heart like poison, and my eyes blur over with tears just as my knees strike the ground. I think I'm about to run forward to my mother like Prim, but someone's hands are gently grabbing at my shoulders. I struggle for a moment, but the touch feels so terribly nice that I can't resist. I start screaming in pain and twisting distress as Gale's arms enfold around me. Sobs rack my body, and agonized noises escape my lips. My knees become too weak to hold me up, and Gale holds me tighter in his arms, letting me hit him and struggle as I cry out, not caring at all what physical harm comes upon him. He just holds me there, keeping me from falling apart completely. I lose all sense of time as I drown in tortured emotion, but I bridge the gap into madness at some point. The noises coming out of me must become too haunting to listen to because everyone leaves, and it's just pain and then blackness. / The next thing I consciously realize, I'm lying on something soft. There's a blanket tucked around me and a pillow slipped under my head. My whole body feels like it's been hit by a steamroller, and every inch of me aches. I force my eyes open to see that I'm lying on a couch a few feet from a warm fire. It doesn't take me very long to realize that I'm in the Hawthornes' house. I recognize the hearth reflected in the warm orange glow emanating from the softly dancing flames. But I especially recognize the figure sitting against the base of the couch by my knees. I roll over onto my side and stare at the fire before me. Gale realizes that I'm awake and turns to face me, but he's having a hard time trying to come up with words. I struggle to determine whether I want him to say something to me or whether his presence is enough to calm me. But my brain is too scattered and wounded to decide. "Where's Prim?" I whisper softly. Half of Gale's face is lit up orange by the fire. "Asleep upstairs with the boys," he says in a scratchy voice. Prim's cries of pain echo through my mind as everything starts to resettle in my mind. Suddenly, the warmth of the fire doesn't reach me. My heart turns to ice and the rest of my body starts to feel just as numb and cold. I pull my knees towards my chest, curling myself into a fetal position. Gale understands my reactions so well that I watch him move closer to me just before I shut my eyes against the blurring tears. I feel his fingers brush my forehead, tucking hair behind my ears. His touch is so soft and gentle that I feel the tears really start to burn. "Your mother's finally been reunited with her love," Gale says quietly. I wonder if he really thinks that will console me. He must know that it won't. A single tear forces its way out from between my eyelids and slips down the side of my face and onto the pillow. "Catnip..." his voice comes out in a quiet breath. But then I can't stop. My throat closes up as I start to choke on my racking sobs. I pull myself into a tightening fetal position on my side, more tears escaping my trapping eyelids. They burn as they streak down my cheek, but that's the only warmth I find. The fire, in my mind, has basically disappeared, leaving an icy chill in my heart. I feel Gale's thumb brush the tears away from the side of my face with a tender touch, and it elicits a strangled, agonized gasp of pain from me, along with a fresh gush of tears. His thumb brushes across my cheek, and I force my eyes to remain closed to the pain of the outside world. I hear Gale take in a slow breath. "She's safe, where she is now," he whispers gently. "And so are you. You're safe, Catnip. You're going to be alright." At this point, my sobs have become so convulsive that there's nothing Gale could say that would calm me down. So he just holds my hand and lets me cry myself out. There comes a time when my body feels too weak to possibly cry any longer. I've been completely sapped of any energy to display my depression, and I just start shivering as the icy cold begins to freeze my body. Gale squeezes my hand to let me know he's still there, and then, suddenly, I feel his lips touch my temple with such fleeting, loving pressure that it calms the tears that were still slipping from my eyes. My heart shatters as he presses his lips to my cheek once before leaning back away. A tiny bit of warmth spreads from the spot his lips touched to the entirety of my cheek, but it doesn't reach the rest of my body. I practically lose consciousness as the grief consumes my soul again. / We bury her the next day. And it rains. It doesn't just rain, though. It pours. During the middle of the short, small ceremony, the sky opens up, and it lets down a torrential downpour that turns the ground to slick mud beneath our feet. It's good for hiding the tears at least. If I turn my face towards the ground, I doubt that anyone can tell the difference between a raindrop and my tears. And it's not as if they're judging me anyway. Prim and I, we've lost everything. I don't know what's more pitiable than us right now. First, we have our father ripped from us, leaving a gaping hole in our family, and now we've lost our mother as well. Soon, we'll lose the house and all our other meaningless possessions, and the only thing we'll have left is each other. Until we can't even keep that. As the rain charges down hard against us, I hug my little Prim closer to my side, never wanting to let her go. She presses her face into my side, and I wrap my arm tighter around her body. Not a single part of either of us is dry, so our embrace is cold and soggy, but somehow just a little bit of connection makes me feel safer. The ceremony leader begins to read the poem that is read at most Seam funerals, but I can hardly hear him over the pounding rain and whistling wind. My black clothes are officially soaked through, and they cling to me like a second skin. I look down at the muddy ground, and I can definitely see every single one of my ribs sticking out of my skin like I'm nothing but a skeleton. And maybe I am one. It's at times like these that I find myself feeling the most dead. The cold, wet rain freezes me to every square centimeter of my bones, and I sure feel like the walking dead. I'm not even sure that I'm breathing because it's the furthest thing from my mind. I've lost all sense of feeling— it's like the pounding of the rain has numbed me, and I just can't be bothered to care about anything anymore. The only thing I know is that I've lost another piece of my heart, and maybe, just maybe, the grief has killed me this time. Should we be burying me today as well? I look up from the scraggly tufts of grass that drown in the mud at my feet and muster the courage to look at the family standing across from me. And Gale's eyes connect with mine instantly. I cling to his gaze, just trying to decipher the emotions running through his storm-gray eyes. And I settle on understanding. He understands. Tears burn at my eyes again, and my throat turns to a desert. I look back down at the wet earth and pin Prim closer to my side. We're orphans now, and we are the only things we have left. That just keeps running through my head as I cry. The next time I look up, she's been lowered into the earth, and they're shoveling dirt down over top of her. Prim is now outright sobbing against my neck, and all I can do is clutch her to my side. I'm so horrified at this whole situation that I feel like I'm going to throw up. And then a hand settles on my shoulder. I turn my head to see Gale standing there, his eyes soft and gentle, and he's silently pleading for me