A/N: Soooooo for those of you who read this chapter as an update on my Collection of Stuff fanfic: Shirls and I have decided to continue writing this! It was way too interesting to abandon! Hopefully you enjoy it was well! For those of you who have just stumbled on this: Enjoy! Hopefully you find our take on the "modern high school AU" to be interesting and unique! Chapter 1: Some Things Just Don't Leave You "If there's one thing I hate more than anything else in this world, it's humidity," I say, lying down on the concrete driveway. Gale laughs and shoots another free throw, which swishes straight through the basket like magic. "I don't know how you stand it," I say, squeezing my eyes shut against the baking sunlight. I can practically feel the sunrays radiating off the cement around me. "How can you possibly exercise in this heat?" "It's a little something called dedication, my friend," he replies, making yet another shot into the basketball hoop. "Basketball conditioning starts less than a month after school starts, and I don't plan on being an out of shape blob when that day rolls around." Posy plops down on the driveway next to me, dragging her little bucket of chalk pieces behind her, and, without warning, pokes me in the stomach. "Is Catnip an out of shape blob, Gale?" she asks. "She's squishy." Gale lets out a huge laugh and grins genuinely at my expense. "Katniss is an out of shape blob." "Come on! I am not!" I insist, but as soon as I hear Posy's little giggle, I let it drop. Besides, it's mostly true. I don't play any sports, unless you count archery or show choir, but I've only shot a bow a couple of times after my father's death and show choir's basically my version of hell on earth, so I don't give either activity much credit in any category. "Okay, fine, maybe I am. Just a little bit." Posy giggles again and starts tracing an outline around my sprawled body with her pink chalk. I lay there a second so that she can finish, and then I roll over sideways onto my stomach so that she can color in the outline. I shade my eyes from the sun and watch as Gale makes yet another basket. "How many have you made?" I ask. "A lot," he replies. Swish. "You don't even count them?" I ask. "What's the point of doing it if you don't get a quantifiable satisfaction?" Gale rolls his eyes. "It's practice, Katniss. I just make as many as I can." "I don't know why you bother. You're going to make varsity again this year with absolutely no trouble." Gale shrugs. "It's not guaranteed." "Gale, you've made every single basket since we came out here," I say roughly. "You're going to make it." "Thanks for your vote of confidence, Catnip." Swish. Our conversation drops off to an end, and the only sound comes from the chalk scratching across the driveway and the basketball bouncing against the ground. I shut my eyes, just letting the sun bake against my back. Finally, Posy breaks the silence. "Did Daddy like basketball?" I cringe, but I don't open my eyes. Gale's basketball stops bouncing. "Yeah, Pose," Gale says, trying not to let too much slip through in his voice. "Dad loved basketball. He taught me how to play when I was little." Posy accepts this answer as truth because she doesn't know any better, and I hear the basketball swish through the basket, but it sounds half-hearted. Some things just don't leave you. For Gale, it's basketball. "So…any inside wisdom about sophomore year?" Gale's sitting next to me on the couch. I'm not really sure how I ended up at Gale's house, but I guess I catch myself thinking that most days. It's like his house and his family have some kind of magnetic pull. Or maybe it's the ghetto-ish feel of my apartment complex that's pushing me away. "Like can I go in all the bathrooms now without getting called a faggot?" I ask. I had something more intelligent I was going to ask, but it's taking most of my mind power to focus on the video game controls. I don't even know what game we're playing. Some multiplayer first-person shooter. I'm some young, energetic volunteer, and Gale's my superior. We're in what looks like an abandoned paint factory, and we're mowing down people with our machine guns like our lives depend on it. Posy's asleep with her head on my lap. The gunfire hasn't woken her up yet, which scares me. "Did that ever happen to you?" Gale asks. He leans around a corner, and at least five guys hurdle a conveyor belt and run at us. "On my first day, yeah," I say. I hold down a button on my controller and at least ten bullets in one guy's head. I don't know how many shots are needed to kill. Gale didn't really bother to explain the rules to me. "Well, you should be fine now," Gale says. Bang. Last guy dead. "How do people know I'm not a freshman?" I ask. We're sprinting across a field now. "Maybe you look less pathetic now?" Gale laughs. "Although, you are in show choir now." "For the last time, I didn't mean to join that class," I say. "I don't know what about my poor dancing and lack of makeup and enthusiasm made them decide I was Royalaire material, but there's no going back now. This is an 'honor.'" Gale laughs, and I walk straight onto a landmine. My entire screen is filled with flying debris, and then it goes dark. Gale keeps going, forced to complete our mission alone. I try to move, but Posy's still asleep on my lap. Not even a landmine will wake this child. Someday, this house is going to catch fire, and Posy's going to wake up to a pile of ashes around her because she slept through the fire alarms. Gale's phone lights up on the coffee table, and as he's still running through the mined field, he's too distracted to answer. He and I have this deal that while he's driving it's my responsibly to check his texts to see if they're important, so I grab the phone out of habit. "You got a text," I say, unlocking his phone (I still don't think he knows that I know his password). I check the sender. Glimmer ;) "Who's Glimmer?" "What?" Gale asks, distracted. Bang . Another guy dead. "Well, she says 'hey,' anyway," I say. "I think she's flirting with you. Should I flirt back?" "Who are you flirting with?" "Glimmer. I don't know who she is." "You're flirting with a girl you don't know?" This distracts him enough to walk into a landmine, and he goes up just like I did. He swears. Posy remains asleep. "I'm flirting for you. Contrary to popular belief, I'm not lesbian." Gale snatches his phone out of my hand and texts something back. I can't read what he sent; he's too fast. "Who's she?" "No one." Must be another one of Gale's fan girls. One of the many girls he will probably end up dating for a month and then breaking up with. That's just how it works with him. Pretty, blond cheerleader after pretty, blond cheerleader. I really should be used to it by now. I don't know what it irks me so much. "Prim, Gale and I have pizza," I call from the door of our apartment. Gale, who is just as comfortable in my home as I am in his, wanders into the kitchen, tosses his keys and iPhone onto the counter, and sets the large, one-topping pizza down on the table. I turn around and slide the deadbolt into place just in case. See, we don't exactly live in the safest of places. It's not like our apartment building is located in the ghetto, but it's pretty close. We might not have shootings very often, but we do not lack break-ins and drug deals. "When's your mom getting home," Gale asks as he sets three paper plates out on the table. I grab my cellphone out of my back pocket and my screen lights up with a new text. Working late. That's all it says. No love you, Katniss. No get a good night's sleep. She doesn't even give an estimated time. "She's working a double shift tonight," I say, stuffing my phone back into my pocket along with my anger. "She won't be home until late." Gale nods but doesn't say anything. Ever since my dad's death four years ago, my mom hasn't been a very loving mother. In fact, she's taken on an almost nonexistent role in my life. Basically, the only thing she's good for is bringing home a pay check and occasionally remembering to pay the bills. Besides that, I can't count on her for much. She's never really home when I'm home that much anyway, and when she is home in the afternoon, she's sleeping or hiding in her room. I understand that nurses are guaranteed to have some pretty inconvenient schedules, but I think my mother takes an unnecessary amount of shifts during the evening and night hours just so that she doesn't have to deal with me and Prim. Life has just gotten too hard for her to handle, so she works. Sometimes she goes on binges, too, and drinks enough that she passes out on the kitchen floor. It's almost gotten her fired at least three times, since the last thing a hospital needs is a drunk nurse. She doesn't do it on a regular basis, though. Just around the anniversary of my father's death or his birthday or Christmas or generally any other day that makes her depressed. Needless to say, she takes a lot of unpaid vacations to recover from her depression-induced weekday benders, which doesn't help our financial situation very much… Prim appears in the kitchen doorway, and my angry thoughts of my mother are cut off. I do my best to smile at my little sister, but I don't think it comes off to well. "Hey, Primmy," I say. "Hi," she replies. She has a book tucked under her arm. We almost drift into a terribly awkward silence as we sit down for pizza, but (thankfully) Gale is the only person that I know who can whip out words for any situation. "Have you been reading all afternoon?" he asks Prim, nodding towards her book. "Yeah," she replies, taking a bite of her pepperoni pizza. "There wasn't much else to do after I finished cleaning." Leave it to my sister to clean the apartment during summer vacation. For a second, we drop into silence, and the only thing I can hear is the ticking of our clock and the mushy sound of chewing. Gale saves the conversation once again. "What book are you reading?" "It's nothing," Prim says, looking down at her lap. "You wouldn't like it. You'd probably think it was boring." "Tell me about it," Gale says, looking across the table earnestly at her. And Prim immediately comes out of her shell, describing the book in a way that makes the boring plot seem completely wonderful, and Gale just sits there and listens, asking questions occasionally and nodding. And me—I eat four pieces of pizza and two breadsticks. It's a wonder Prim doesn't love Gale more than me. Gale and I stay up watching game shows until eleven pm because we're both wired from the six cans of Mountain Dew that we drank earlier in the afternoon. We're both half asleep after our fifth episode of The Price Is Right, but Gale is still slow to leave. "Do you want me to wait until your mom gets home?" he asks. "No, Gale, it's fine," I reply. He nods and grabs his keys off the