A/N: So I was rereading Mockingjay for, like, the third time, and I realized that Suzanne used Gale and Leeg 1 as a collective unit twice. I don't know if I was just really tired or what, but that struck me as really odd and strangely purposeful, so I decided to write a little story about them. At first I thought it was a really weird pairing, but the more I thought about it, the better they seemed together. :) So here's my little attempt at Gale/Leeg 1. Enjoy! Hit the Target: Gale can't seem to believe his eyes when he walks into Training. This is an advanced program, isn't it? Why would this girl (tall, willowy, and rather anonymous looking) along with her complete doppelganger be in an advanced Training unit? She looks a bit like she could be knocked over in a stiff wind, and that's saying something in Gale's mind because he's seen some pretty emaciated humans in his lifetime. Yet, the two sisters are here. That is a fact Gale cannot ignore. If they were assigned to this Training, then they must belong here. Gale walks to the center of the room to join the small circle of people that's begun to gather there. He takes a position opposite the circle of the new girl's. From a closer vantage point, he can tell their about his age, maybe a bit older. They look no more stable than they did from the doorway. He tunes out whatever the Training leader has to say to them until she says, "Go on, five miles." Then, he joins the pack and starts the long, tedious series of laps around the Training area. Again, Gale is not surprised to see that the yellow-haired sisters are nothing special in the speed category. They stick to the middle of the runners, never in front, never in back. Considering he's in an advanced training program with older people that are slightly less physically able than him, it's not hard to get in the lead. After that dull process, they're told to head off to the shooting range. Gale's informed that Beetee sent a militarized bow for him to try out, so he heads off to the far end of the targets- the ones with the longest ranges. Ironically, and surprisingly, Gale finds himself standing next to one of the sisters. Gale grabs the bow Beetee sent, one with scopes and all sorts of strange enhancements that he can only begin to understand. He approaches the line in front of his target, taking the spot next to the girl. From close up, Gale discovers she's almost the exact same height as him, which is an accomplishment by any means. He closes his hand around the bow, wondering what on God's green earth this one blue button on the bow does, and he sees that the girl next to him is eyeing his weapon of choice. When he looks towards her, she immediately looks away as though not wanting to get caught staring at the bow. But, for the second their gazes meet, he finds himself very distracted by her eyes. They're fascinatingly unusual. With strange yellow flecks amongst the green. Eyes a person could get lost in. Realizing that he's been staring a bit too long at the side of her face, Gale shifts his gaze to the tag on the front of her shirt. Leeg. Assuming that her look-alike really is her sister, Gale decides to call this one Leeg 1, and the other Leeg 2. Because really, what's the point of learning their names? Leeg 1 heads off to grab a gun. Gale watches her as she moves away. She walks like a soldier, perhaps acts like one, but how good is she really? As soon as she gets back, Gale takes an arrow- a normal one, not an explosive- and picks the bow up. A scope directly level with his eye brings the distant target into clear focus. In his periphery, Gale sees that Leeg 1 isn't shooting but instead watching him. Feeling, in that moment, a strong need to show off a little, he makes certain his aim before releasing the arrow. Sure enough, the arrow lodges itself on the edge of the center bull's-eye. Satisfied, Gale lowers the bow and turns to Leeg 1. This time, she's already looking away from him, though he can tell she's still watching him in the corner of her vision. He finds it within himself to smirk at her and raise an eyebrow. Your move. The smallest of smiles appears on her lips. The smallest. It's barely visible, but Gale can see it. She's accepting the challenge. She readjusts her grip on the hand gun she grabbed and aims it out in front of her. A hand gun? Gale wonders. She chose a hand gun? Of all the weapons she could have chosen, she— The percussive shot of the bullet rips through Gale's ears, and he turns towards the target. The sight that meets his eyes almost shocks him more than seeing her when he first walked in. There's a clean, even bullet hole straight through the center of the target. The smile on her face grows the tiniest degree, and she retrieves a bigger, more powerful gun. Gale stands for probably a minute, staring disbelievingly at the target Leeg 1 shot at. The only other person he's ever seen do something that impressive was Katniss. Gale looks back at this Leeg 1 character as she sets her gun down on its end. The shot must have given her confidence because she turns to face Gale and nods her head once, face almost impassive like she means nothing by it. But the meaning is clear. Back to you. Gale, thinking quickly, wonders what sort of cool things this bow can do. Deciding it's not worth risking doing something dangerous, Gale just takes another arrow and shoots with almost no aim. It's a seriously lucky shot, and it connects with the bull's-eye with a solid, audible thump. He doesn't even make any move towards her before she shoulders the massive gun with ease and aims at the target. Within a second or two of silence, another shot rings through the air. Gale turns back to the target to another shock. There's not another hole in the target like he suspected. No, there's only one in the direct center. It's just been widened a little. Gale tries to mask his shock and probably does a very bad job of it. His jaw may even be hanging open like a dead fish. He's not quite sure, though. In his state of numb shock, he turns to face Leeg 1 directly. She gives a small laugh, looking at the target in the distance. Surely, she must see how amazed he is. All the judgmental disbelief melts away into something different. First, shock. Then, fascination. Interest. Curiosity. Respect. He's too invested in staring at her to realize that she's put her gun back down. She leans forward on it slightly, smiling that little smile. Gale looks at her eyes, and they're full of this amusement that makes him want to smile himself. She nods towards the targets, silently cueing him again. Shoot. Hit the target. That's what her eyes tell him. So he does. He shoots again under her watchful eyes. The arrow rips through the air and skewers the first arrow he shot, effectively splitting it straight in half. Gale's only seen Katniss do that once or twice. He sure as heck has never done it himself. Leeg 1 smiles- really smiles. Gale lowers his bow, looks at the target, and then back at her. She doesn't look away this time. Instead, she holds his gaze, and the yellow flecks in her eyes dance. Something passes between them- a feeling of equality and camaraderie. Gale Hawthorne can only stare. There's something about her… something so… interesting. And her eyes. He's lost in them, entranced by them. He swallows slowly. He knows one thing for sure. He's intrigued by this mysterious Leeg 1. He's captivated by this girl like he's never been before… Except for maybe Katniss, but, though he's loathe to admit it, Leeg 1 might give Katniss a run for her money. "Ever shot an arrow before?" he asks, looking away from her after the long, drawn out silence. He grabs another arrow immediately and pulls it back. The arrow whistles through the air, hitting the bull's-eye's outer edge. She follows his lead and shoulders the gun again. "No, never," she replies evenly. This is the first time they've talked this entire conversation. Her voice is as he expected it. Slightly deeper than most females. Before finishing, she shoots another bullet at the target, further widening the hole in the bull's-eye. She lowers the gun and turns back to him. "Guns are more my thing." Gale lets himself smile. "No kidding." She smiles a little more, appearing to weaken under his grin. She tucks a hair behind her ear self-consciously and looks at the targets to avoid his gaze. Without thinking, Gale sticks out his hand. "Hawthorne," he says. But suddenly, that doesn't seem right. He wants her to know him as more than just another soldier. "Gale Hawthorne." She turns back to him, looking into his eyes with her amazing ones and shakes his hand once. A good, solid shake. "Leeg," she says, and she makes no indication that she wants to be called anything different. Leeg 1 it is, then. She sits down next to him, pulling her stool closer to the heater and, in doing so, Gale. Her form sits hunched, crumpled, broken. Gale pretends to ignore the tear tracks that obviously streak down her face. He tries to ignore the fact that her magnificent eyes are so bloodshot they appear red. But when she puts her head down in her hands, it's too hard to shrug off. He has so much he could tell her. That he understands. That he knows what it's like to have someone you love ripped away from you. He knows what it's like to have to pick yourself up and move on even when you know they'll never be with you again. Leeg 1 rubs her eyes with the heels of her hands. She stays hunched over on the stool, staring vaguely into the distance. Gale looks at her out of the corner of his eye and sees the detached look in her eyes. It stings to look at her, and it makes Gale feel like he's intruding on a moment that she needs to work out alone. Gale considers telling Jackson to take her off the watch list, but his body decides to do another thing entirely. He holds out his hand towards her, offering it to her. She doesn't see it at first since her eyes are locked on a random spot on the horizon, so Gale moves his hand. He nudges her knee with his fingertips, and she jerks out of whatever stupor she was in. She looks down at his palm, and he nods. Her eyes instantly fill with fresh tears. But before she lets them fall, Leeg 1 takes his offered hand and clings to it like a lifeline. Instantly, she buries her face in the hand that isn't clasping Gale's. Her whole body's shaking with sobs within seconds. Without really thinking much of it, Gale reaches out and takes hold of one of her stool's legs and drags it closer. Close enough that he can wrap one of his arms around her shoulders. Pull her closer. And maybe, perhaps because of his lack of hesitation, she immediately falls onto him, burying her face in his shoulder. She starts to cling to his one hand with both of hers in a vice-like grip. Gale can feel her tears soaking hot and heavy through his shirt, but he doesn't really mind. "It'll be okay,"