Pluto arrives in Olympus University only to find that his roommate is the star of this British University's soccer/football team. Zeus is his nickname, most people just call him Zee. How will Pluto handle being roommate with someone popular, I year over him in classes, and Zee is American. How will he handle it? Who knows? Chap 1 Welcome to Olympus University. Zee smiled as he walked into his new dorm room for the year 'looks like my new roommate isn't here yet' he thought. He looked at the paper he was given when he signed in 'looks like his last name is McBane' he thought and smiled as he looked around the room. He started setting up his side of the room, he gave his new roomate the window side. He thought he'd be nice, the guy would have to live a whole school year with an annoying guy like him. He put a California state poster over bed, gotta have a little piece of home. He put his suitcase in his closet and was about to make his bed when he someone walked past the door. It was the guy that made disgusting eyes at his "girlfriend" Tessy as they were signing in. Zeus ran out the door and chased the guy down the hall "Hey, creep!" He yelled after him. "Oh shit!" Yelled the guy as he took off running down the hall. Right passed a much smaller boy. Said boy jumped and nearly fell back dropping his suitcase and papers. Thankfully he just fell against the wall so he was able to stabilize himself before he lost everything. the boy turned his head after the two though it was hard to tell who he was looking at. The young man's eyes were completely covered by his large glasses that might as well have taken up half his face. though that hardly mattered. If his glasses hadn't done it his hair would have. It looked like a blond mop on his head! he was obviously the kind of young man who wasn't used to such drama because he was instantly nervous and shaking. mentally he worried that one of those hoodlums might be his roommate... no... he wasn't 'that' unlucky. "Zeus is throwing down the thunder again!" Someone yelled. Zee grabbed the guy's neck and put him in a headlock "you really think you can out run! Bull shit! Now unless you want me to beat the living shit out of you, you better apologize for staring at Tessy the wrong was creep" Zee was pissed and he wasn't going to let this go. He let go of the guy and punched him square in the nose "apologize!" He yelled. "Gah!" The guy yelled as he fell back on the ground holding his nose in pain. He couldn't even think to apologize. he was kind of in pain after all! He did have enough sense to try and back away as much as was possible. as he did this the young man who was watching stepped back from them once before turning and bolting down the hall and right into his room. without thinking twice he slammed the door shut and locked it behind him before pressing himself against the door. this was only his first day here! how was there already a fight and he just got here?! wait... that guy said again... was this normal?! oh dear gods he hoped not! "Apologize and I'll pretend it never happened" Zee said. Zeus wasn't a mean guy, he just didn't like it when messed with his friends and Tessy was his best friend. At that moment some guys grabbed Zee's arms and the guy used that as a chance to get a hit on him. Zeus throw up his leg and kicked the guy right in the jaw "don't wanna fight your own battles, huh? What a pussy!" He yelled and shuck the guys off him "all I want is an apology, idiot" he said. The guy got up his nose bleeding for obvious reasons. "I won't apologize for looking at a nice piece of tale. Probably should tell her to stop looking so damn hot if you don't want the guys to go looking dude." He replied smiling at the memory of Tess. Tall with a large back end an amazing front end. What kind of guy would he be if he hadn't starred? he couldn't have helped himself I he tried. "yeah I can see why you are protective though. I wanted to tap that the moment I saw it. Wonder if she is the type to play around while dating... bet she is." he added with a smirk. The dorm supervisor came running down the hall "Zeus are you getting in a fight? And on the first day no less...go to your dorm room, I'll give you a scolding later" he said. Zeus reluctantly went back to his room, he was still pissed about that guy's last comment. Zeus used his room key and opened the door, he was hoping his new roommate hadn't seen that and now didn't like him. He tried to cool himself down as he walked in the room. The teen jumped as the door opened. He realized his roommate had already arrived but had not expected to see him so soon. He hadn't even had a chance to unpack yet. The skittish male turned to the door and instantly went that much paler. "Gah! don't hurt me!" he yelled before without thinking twice he disappeared under the bed. One would think the way he was acting he was a coward. Then again no one knew him well enough to know better. He looked at the kid under the bed from where he was "man!" He yelled at himself. "First day of the new year and my roommates already scared of me" he mumbled. He sat on his bed and looked across to the guy under the bed "...I'm sorry, that guy looked at my friend Tessy wrong...and I tell him it's wrong to look at people like their just meat" Zeus laugh a little "I don't even eat meat" he smiled at his new roomate "my name's Peter O'ryan Jupiter, everyone here calls me Zeus" he was trying to make conversation, he didn't know how well his efforts were working though. "You can call me O'ryan or Zee, it's up to you. You can even call me Jupiter or Peter, it won't bother me. The soccer coach is the to reason I'm called Zeus, he thought Jupiter was too long of a name" Zeus felt like he was babbling. Zeus sighed "Tessy's gonna kill me, she hates it when I get in fights. I'm gonna be in so much trouble" Zeus mumbled to himself. He watched his new roomate hoping he'd at least say something. Pluto listened to the older male talk. So this is who he was put with? He finally relaxed when Zeus explained why he got into the fight. For a friend? he could relate. he had done something similar for his sister more than once. Slowly the smaller boy crawled out from under the bed and dusted himself off. "... Pluto... everyone calls me Pluto." He said not giving away his real name on purpose. He learned long ago when people found out you were a rich kid... things got ugly. Zeus smiled when he got out from under the bed "Pluto, huh?" he said. He stood up "so, I get into fights every now and again. I'm not going to lie to you, people get out of line...my personality won't let me let it go" he said honestly. He wanted to make sure his new roomate understood him. "So, I'm the captain of the soc...football team. As you can see, I'm American. I hope we can get along" he smiled. He held out his hand "nice to meet you" he was waiting for a handshake. Pluto relaxed a little and held his hand out to take the taller man's when the door burst open making him jump and fall back on his head. Lucky he did too because it was Tess kicking the door open and a split second later she threw a monkey wrench at Zeus's head. "Zee you moron! What the hell did I tell ya all about fighten?!" She snapped before running in and tackling him not even noticing his room mate yet. Zeus was on the floor, she had him in a headlock "Tessy. I'm sorry, but the guy was an idiot. He deserved more than a bloody nose" he said. He grabbed her with his leg and flipped her over "you're more than eye candy Tessy and he was a jerk for thinking you were less" he said. He was out of the headlock, him and Tess ruff housed like this all the time. He smiled at Pluto "this is normal, we do this all the time" he put his attention back on Tess who was preparing for her next move. Tess growled before grabbing Zeus by the arm and flipping him over and putting it behind his back. she looked up and blinked. "Who are you talking to? You didn't hit your head at practice again did ya?" she asked pointing out the fact that Pluto... had straight up bolted from the room by this point. Likely before Zeus could explain that this was a normal thing. Pluto had taken the first chance he could and had ran out of the room afraid he might get pulled into the insanity of their fight. now he was fighting a girl? A crazy girl at that?! "Practice hasn't even started yet, it doesn't start till tomorrow...look you scared Pluto. This is why I didn't have a roommate last year" Zeus grumbled. He was hoping Pluto wasn't traumatized. She raised a brow before letting go and stepping off of him. "Pluto huh. Wonder if he knows Mickey mouse." She joked as she looked around the dorm room then to him. "Don't worry. it normally takes us a little over a week to scare off your room mates. One little scare won't keep him away forever. besides-" she pointed to his bags. "He has to come back sooner or later." Zeus stiffly stood up, he adjusted his arm. "I guess you're right, but shouldn't we still go looking for him?" He said. "Kid probably thinks I'm a gangster or something" he grumbled. She smirked "so I get to round up your new room mate. This will be fun, what does he look like?" Tess asked obviously curious. "Is he cute? Your type maybe?" she added with a smirk wanting to tease the younger college student a little. He was her best friend after all. She might as well have a little fun with him. "He's very slender, messy blonde hair. It's about to his shoulders, and giant glasses...and how am I supposed to know if he's my type if I've barely talked to him, besides I don't know what his face looks like" Zeus said. He knew she was teasing him, he was used to it. "Ya look at the tail end and say would I hit that and that is how ya know. Come on, ya might not be an open perv but yer still a male. Think with that thing between yer legs for once!" she said with a laugh then took off running out of the room and down the hall. "Time to round me up a room mate!" she yelled with a laugh. Zeus closed the door behind him and locked it "Tessy. Just because I'm male, it doesn't mean I'm a pervert" he said as he ran after her down the hall. "Please don't scare him to much when you find him, I have to live with him for a whole year" he said. Zeus looked behind every corner for his roommate. "Yeah, yeah. I bet ya