Author's Note: Hello everybody, again! It appears that I have developed a serious addiction to this site and posting and updating. So here you'll find a set of one-shots to fill in some gaps my story Family Complications left behind, or just provide some additional scenes that I have in my head, but couldn't fit into the story. (That means that I'll keep on this shameless advertising all along, because I need to define in when these scenes take place in the confines of the main story) Everything is owned by J.R.R. Tolkien. I hope you'll like this, if you read Family Complications and if you didn't, you can still check it out, if these one-shots hook your attention. No-one is forcing you though, if you don't like it, feel free to stop anytime :) I'd be most happy to receive your comments and reviews and thank you for reading in advance. SCENE No. 1 - set four months after Sybille's wedding (Family Complications - Epilogue) - She was sitting in the parlor, on the cushion and velvet covered divan, thick drops of tears falling onto the porcelain faces in her lap. This had seemed a good idea once, to come to their room, to remember, to feel the scent of their things, but there was no scent, there were no things, there was only emptiness and hurt to be found in the girls' chambers. Sybille took all her belongings, everything to the very last cushion when she and Florian moved to their new home. Only her children's tales books and childhood toys were left in her room, and the furniture covered with huge white canvas to be protected from the metal fangs of time. Gilraen's bedchamber was more or less untouched, books, quills, parchments lying on the table, old toys queuing on the shelves, satin cushions and covers lying neatly on the bed. It was only her dresses and a sign of life missing from the room. She had found both dolls. Sybille's was lying abandoned on top of an empty chest of drawers along with a cloth teddy bear and wooden box containing lacey dolls' dresses. Gilraen's was perching upright between a brunette doll and a wooden kitten, a proud token of a long gone childhood. There they were, the blond dolls, haunting her nights, embittering her days. Arwen had no idea how long she had been sitting in the twin's empty parlor crying over the twin dolls, the only things she had left from her golden haired girls. She had heard maids passing the corridor, doors opening onto her, confused voices asking if she was all right, but it all seemed an unimportant blur compared to the dolls in her lap, compared to the hole in her heart. "Arwen" a gentle voice called and she felt a firm hand touching her arm. "Why are you crying, my love?" Aragorn spoke softly into her ears as he drew an arm around her shaking shoulders and sat beside her. "I miss my girls" she breathed barely audible as she clutched on the dolls to keep herself from sobbing. "It just breaks my heart to have lost them both…" she whispered burying her face into Aragorn's neck. "What are you talking about, my love? We haven't lost them. You already visited Sybille a number of times. You can visit her anytime" Aragorn told her gently. "She is not interested in me visiting" Arwen shook her head sniffing, her fingers messing with the dolls nervously. "She has a new life, a new home, a husband, why would she want me to visit her?" "Because you are her mother and she loves you. Besides, Florian is in Dol Amroth with Eldarion to seat on Imrahil's council. They won't be back for a month. I am sure Sybille would rejoice to have some company, especially yours." "Fine, fine, Sybille would not throw me out if I visited. But Gilraen… I haven't seen her for months ! I haven't talked to her for more than a year…" Arwen sniffed helplessly. "It was your choice not to, my love…" "I know!" Arwen snapped at him. "And you think that makes it easier? It's even worse like this!" Aragorn just hugged her as she soaked the collars of his doublet with her tears. "It's not late yet. You can visit Gilraen anytime you want, too and settle things…" "Like that bastard of hers will even let me step over his threshold…" Arwen grimaced. "You are the Queen of Gondor, no man has the right to deny you entering their house, especially not your daughter's husband" Aragorn gave her a stern glance. "Like he ever gave a damn about what he did and didn't have right to…" "I understand you. You know I do. But if you ever want to make things up with Gilraen, you will need to learn to tolerate Torundir eventually" Aragorn said brushing her face with his knuckles. Arwen stood up. She had enough of the sorrow, enough of the tears, enough of all the advice to make friends with the man who took away her daughter. "I learn with difficulty" she told Aragorn with a wry smile who, understanding that she had enough of the topic, only gave her a sympathetic smile and took her hand. "You need to eat something, Arwen. Let us go and have lunch, shall we now?" Arwen nodded gratefully. Aragorn was the best man in the world. Nobody understood her like he did. "Hannon le, Aragorn" she whispered and they both knew it was not the lunch she meant to thank him. Next morning Arwen woke early. As the maids told her, even Aragorn was still in bed. She climbed out of her silken covers and walked to the window to let some fresh air into her bedchamber. Chilly breeze licked at her face as she opened the wings of the painted window to look upon the White City. It couldn't have been more than one hour after daybreak and the warmth of the sun grew fainter and fainter every passing day. She closed the window and thought what to do. She had been a bad sleeper ever since she moved to Gondor, there was no way she could go back to sleep after wake up, no matter how early it was. She considered going to Aragorn's bedroom to wake him and cuddle up beside him, but Aragorn got so little sleep anyways, he had to work late into the night so often, it'd not do to wake him when he could finally rest. Arwen put on her velvet nightgown and stepped out onto the hallway. She would just go for a walk, see her autumn roses in the garden or something; wait for time to pass. Half an hour later she was standing in the middle of the twin's parlor again. How she ended up here again, she had no idea. The dolls were lying on the divan, where she left them yesterday. We haven't lost them. Aragorn's words echoed in her ears. Not Sybille at least, she thought to herself. With sudden determination, she picked up the dolls. She would go and see Sybille. She would even take her doll to her. Maybe once Sybille would have a daughter and she would decide to pass on the doll to her little one. Or maybe Sybille would have twin girls, like she had, who knows… After going back to her chamber to wash and dress, she ordered breakfast into her parlor. Proper breakfast. She had yoghurt with light bread and an apple. Then, she went to Brianneth's rooms to ask if her daughter wanted to go along to see Sybille, but she only found the girl's maid telling her that the Princess already left for her dancing lesson at the Academy. And on her way back to her own chambers another maid informed her that the King had left too, for Officer's Council and would have supper with her once he got back. Arwen dismissed the maid and collecting the dolls set off to see Sybille. She had no idea why she took both dolls along, but it just felt right that way. A groom admitted her into the magnificent entrance hall of the manse. Every time Arwen set foot in Sybille and Florian's home, she understood why her daughter insisted on this place instead of their own quarters in the palace. Sybille was in love with the beautifully ornamented walls, gilded rims and painted frescos of the house, a courtesy of Lord Malberen, commonly known as the wealthiest lord of Minas Tirith, for the freshly married couple. "Her Highness is being served elevenses in the garden with her guests, Your Majesty" the groom informed her bowing. Arwen was about to reply when a familiar face appeared in the doorway. "Mother!" Sybille exclaimed happily as she hurried up to greet her with a blond haired baby in her arms. "I'm so happy to see you! I so missed you, it's been ages since we last met!" Sybille chirped as they hugged. "Oh darling, I missed you so much too!" Arwen said, joy washing over her heart as she held her daughter. "But you have guests, I hope I do not intrude" she smiled at Sybille. "How would you? Please join us! We already had a tea and the cakes are coming up too, it's a shame the little ones can't have any yet" her daughter giggled. "But Anarys, you know, Ëlyel's daughter is so excited, she says she loves cherry cakes the best, she is so adorable!" Of course Sybille would be having guests. She had never been the sort who would sit around bored while her husband is away and Arwen was more than happy to see so. "I would love to have cakes with you" she nodded at Sybille with a wide smile. She so missed her. "Splendid! Shall we go to the garden, then?" "After you, my dearest" Arwen laughed and gestured Sybille ahead. "Oh, Sybille, before I forget…" she remembered suddenly. "I was just checking on the cleaners in your rooms when I found this. I thought you might want to give it to your own daughter once" Arwen smiled as she passed Sybille her old porcelain doll. "Aw, I can't believe I left this behind!" Sybille sighed as she took the doll with a nostalgic smile. "We played so, so much with these… Thank you for bringing it along!" "You're welcome, darling" Arwen said concentrating hard not to start crying now. The baby in Sybille's arm reached out to grab the doll by its blonde wig, but Sybille pulled it out of his reach. "No, no, you naughty boy! It's not a nice thing to hurt girls' dolls!" she laughed at the baby and waved at a maid. "Take this doll to my bedchamber and sit her onto my dressing table. No, wait. Take off her dress and clean it first, then put it back, so she'll be neat and groomed. I'm so glad to have her back!" She smiled at Arwen and dismissed the maid with a nod. "Let us go!" "And what's the name of this gentleman here?" Arwen asked gesturing at the baby on Sybille's arm. Florian's nephew was her relative at some level too and it was a little awkward not even knowing his name. "Belendor, son of Barahin, to Your Majesty's service" Sybille cooed instead of the baby who blinked at her wide eyed. "Ah, what a great knight this little man will make" Arwen smiled at the baby warmly who just yawned at them with sleepy hazel eyes, not understanding a word of the bright future they were visualizing for him. Arwen followed Sybille along the hallways, up to a two winged garden door where Lady Ëlyel's daughter came running up to them. "Sybille, when will we have the cakes?" she blinked up at Sybille with sparkling puppy eyes. Arwen thought she was going to