Summary: Many years post-LotR, Aragorn remembers his earlier days and contemplates death as it might appear to an elf. An Aragorn and Legolas friendship fic. Rated G. Rather Zen-ish really. Disclaimer: This story is based upon characters created by J.R.R. Tolkien and his legendary "Lord of the Rings" series. No profit is taken in this endeavor, and this story is simply written for pleasure. Hopefully the old man would have enjoyed it. I would like to dedicate this story to Nightwing and offer it as a birthday present to her. It's a little late, I know, but the thought has been there since before her day of celebration, so I think it still counts. And it's my birthday present to me too (we're only one day apart). The idea for it, in a very convoluted way, was derived from Thundera Tiger's "The Day Before," but truly the full of this came from many a conversation Nightwing and I have shared about nature and death and life and God. Enjoy, dear friend, and Happy Belated Birthday! End Notes By Ithilien I see the corners of my friend's mouth go down and I read the disappointment that noticeably dims his eyes. I consider apologizing, but know I have no reason to do so. I am doing nothing wrong in admitting surrender and retreat. Long years have gone by since I needed the affirmation that a battle well-fought would give in helping me sleep at night. I sleep well already, if not a little more randomly than what it once was. It matters not. I do not need to do this to myself. I lower my weapon and step away. A drop of sweat trickles down my neck, staining the fabric of my tunic, a mark of my exertion where a man my age should find none. "No more," I say a little breathlessly. I walk to the arms master and hand him my sword. My friend takes a step to follow me. I know he is there even if his footfalls are silent. He has not relinquished his weapon, I note, and that makes it all the clearer to me his thinking. "But we have only just begun," he insists, and I consider how prophetic those words are. I wonder if my friend hears them as I do. "By what clock do you follow?" I question. This is a quip, a witticism aimed at his one true flaw, for my friend has no sense of time and he knows it. "I can look at the shadows and know they have not moved," he counters, ignoring my targeted tease. He is much too serious today and I would rather not dance words with him. I turn, shrugging him off. "That is not what I mean," I say as I begin my march out of the courtyard. I feel my knees creak as I take the stairs. "The exercise will be good for you," he offers, still following me. I can hear the hint of irritation in his voice and I wonder if he has realized the meaning of my words yet. "There are others who would follow me," I say as I come around to face him. I glance back to the courtyard. "Eldarion is there. He is as I was at that age, vital and fierce. He would a make good sparring companion to you." His eyes narrow as he cocks his head slightly. How young he looks to me. "It is you I seek as companion," he whispers to me, and I know he no longer speaks of the challenge. I cannot look at him. His eyes are bright and humorless. Yes, he does realize my words. I turn away, sighing as I say, "Few get to choose the moment of their end, but it is doubtful it is battle where I will die. I tire of posing in a mantle that no longer fits me. Raising both sword and staff for all to know my might is fatiguing work, and even I grow weary of it. Respite must be had if I am to manage even but one of these emblems of rule. It is time I retire to a place where my limbs might rest." "You are stronger than you suppose," he argues. "I grow weary," I reply, then I wait a long pause. "Let me fall." I hear his voice catch and I glance up. I can see that he recalls the origins of those words. And then to make certain he understands clearly, I say, "All songs must come to an end, Legolas." I then walk away. From behind me I hear his sparring weapon drop to the floor, slipping as if from an arm suddenly gone limp. The note of it is dull like the edge of the practice blade. I would expect him to understand, and yet I know it is not within him to do so. He knows no such thing as endings or finality. He is impatient in this, always curious, always wanting for more, never expecting a conclusion. He is resistant to rest and ends. His energy is boundless and the world is but a garden of play for him, and even in his homeland's darkest days, he could find joy. How our roles have changed. There was a time when in my eyes he was the respected elder. I was practically a boy, a young Ranger in the early days of my service. How he could have lowered himself to befriend someone so young I have never ventured to ask. One of his rank and power need not have conferred with the likes of me. Yet he did. We traveled the paths of his forest then, daring to find adventures in our wandering while serving duty to his king. My mind wanders back on the path of the words I used. I remember the occasion, those days. I was frightened then, yet determined not to show it. I wonder if that is how he feels now. We had been traveling off the main road, but not so far removed as to be in the more dangerous territories south near the old palace. We were in Mirkwood Forest and doing a normal patrol in maintaining the lands so as to keep the road safe. I would like to make it understood that I was under no obligation to do this. As a Ranger, I had territory I was assigned to, but nothing put me under any commitment to move into the realms within. Normally elven refuges were well-tended, but Mirkwood had been a troubled land for many lives before mine, and where we could, we Rangers were encouraged to help. I felt it only just that I aid my friends for the elves of Mirkwood were good to most in kind. We had been hiking a parallel trail to the road, crisscrossing our paths about a mile or so past. Seen above, we would have looked like we wove our route, and one might have asked why we worked this way instead of on a straight course. The reason was one of subterfuge and trapping. Only distanced about thirty meters apart, we were close enough to be near but also far enough that should one of us encounter a danger we had opportunity to surround and destroy it through our aid to each other. This was usually done through a whistle, and we were very clever at imitating birdsong while actually making note to one another. As for the crisscrossing, that was done so as to keep us both at alert and to share the burden of being at the furthermost point from the road. Guard routes like this were numerous in Mirkwood. All along the Forest Road, there were others repeating the same task as us. The reason that there were just we two assigned in our group is simple -- our mission was not considered dangerous. Had we been traveling further south, our party would have likely been double, or even triple the size we currently had, and the crisscrossing paths would have been far more constant than the way Legolas and I wove them on this trek. But as I stated, this journey was considered a rather routine one, so much so that several days had passed uneventfully. It was growing late and I knew dark would be falling. That is an amusing statement actually as few parts of Mirkwood were without cover of trees. Thus the forest had an affinity to be grey and shrouded, and for unaccustomed travelers, the sensation was like traveling in perpetual dusk. That is, unless night fell. Then the forest grew very dark. This hardly bothered the wood elves, but they were usually willing to accommodate my inability to see well in the dark. Legolas called whistle for us to make camp and I was more than happy to comply. We came together at a small clearing, and amazingly enough, there was a patch of sky made visible above us. Aside from this luxury, we were backed by a wall of rock that was too craggy to be used for attack, yet tapered outward so to make flight from it easy enough. At the same time there was a recess at the base that made for a good campsite, and I knew we could camp here without being openly sighted. Legolas also told me there was a spring nearby. The place was nearly as sweet as home if one were to plan a home somewhere out in these woods. Legolas began to sing while we went about our work. His voice remained low, yet I could clearly hear the tune. He sang in a voice that was as lovely as a bell, and were I a better man, I would have let him go on with his song forever. However, such was not in me. The problem, you see, was that Legolas' song did not end. He did not stop singing. Over and again, the tune trilled from his throat. Again. Again. Again. That should not be a complaint. It really is not. Legolas has a wonderful voice, and there are many I have known (Hobbits come to mind among them) who could listen to him go on evermore; anything he should sing would be most graciously welcomed. Yet I grew up among elves, and this was not just a tendency on Legolas' part but of all the Firstborn. They really did not know when to come to a conclusive ending. If you have ever sat in audience at an elven musical event you will understand what I mean. Elves create songs and poems that are incredibly lengthy and -- I cannot say this without offending-- overly verbose. To be honest, sometimes I believe they only end their words because the author has developed a case of writer's cramp and the singer has a sore throat. Thus I will say it, endless singing of the same repeated notes annoys me. I cannot help this failing in me. I cleared my throat. We had established this as a signal between us after many such times such as this. As much as I hated hearing repeat notes, he hated hearing the same complaints. Thus he stopped. But he smiled as he turned his head to the sky. "You laugh at me," I said as I watched the water boil for some tea. It would be another dinner of lembas for us -- we had not snared any game on this day -- but I tried to give myself the pleasure of a hot cup when I could. "I laugh at your kind. Such children you are. Impatient and easily bored," he said. I smiled, not taking offense. When you are the only man among elves you learn not to take yourself too seriously. Still, I could launch barbs when I needed to. "Look who speaks," I retaliated. "Are you not the elf who gets so