My Bully Coming Back For More Chapter 1 Thoughts were running through my mind as I thought of the possible ways this wedding could go. It could be a success and Alice gets married to Jasper with happiness written on her face. Another way this wedding could go is that I end up killing Alice's brother, Edward. I pick at the skin around my dark midnight blue nail polish on my fingers with a silver overcoat on top. The last time I met with Edward was the senior year of high school. My brown giant curls around my face down to my mid waist. The midnight blue dress went down to my knees with a little bit of puff. My makeup was very light and put on with perfection with a nude lipstick on my lips. An arm wraps around my hips pulling my closer squealing in my ear, in a high pitched volume rank. Her short brown pixie cut self standing close to me. "Bella. Bella. Bella." Alice chants in a repeated pitch. She was clapping her hands in excitement waving them around slightly. "Yes, Alice. That's my name. I know how excited you're to see me." I states with a giant smile plastered across my face. I hug her back in a tight lock, before pulling my phone out of my pocket. Her eyes stare out me with confusion until I push the app. Alice's pupils dilated with excitement. "Yes, Alice I'm about to post a picture of us together on Instagram." "Really? Bella I've been trying to get you to use it for like a million years. It's kinda weird knowing that you're kinda just like my brother. I know. I know. You're going to deny it, but come on I've always felt this way. I also never got to say this back in highschool, but I'm sorry about what my asshole of a brother did to you in grade school." Alice wails a bit at the end wrapping her hands around her even more tightly. Alice sniffles even more dramatically. I sigh giving her a smile of reassurance. "Look, Alice. I'm over it and if it wasn't for you he would have bullied me until college. I'm thankful for having such an amazing friend like you." "Really?" "Really. Now lets get you ready for your big day. We wouldn't want you to have runny black marks under your eyes. If I let you walk out and get married like that. You'll probably do something to me too later on." I comment with a small smirk on my face. It was very tiny, too. Alice wrapped her petite arms around me best friend giving me a kiss on the cheek. A big, fat grin comes across my face as I hold out the phone to take the picture. "Does the look fine?" "Perfect." I roll my eyes at her comment and post the picture on my account giving her a fake grin. "I really can't wait to post more pictures of our lives. Especially what I eat everyday. I mean why do people post what they eat?" "Well Bella, sometimes I wanna see, so I can find new ideas to make for Jazz and I. I need to become a good cook to keep my man happy. Like the old people say the way to a man's heart is through food." Alice explains with a serious expression making me shake my head. "Okay Alice, I was kidding. Now what's next?" I ask almost afraid to inquire considering the one person she wanted to see other then me was the person I didn't want to see. A sad expression comes across her face as she grabbed ahold of my hand. "Well Bella you know how I say sometimes you need to face your fears head on? Well this is the time for it because we're are going to go see the family. Which includes all the family." "Oh." I whisper peering down at the ground noticing that another pair of loud footsteps stopped behind Alice and I. Another squeal comes from her mouth. My head swivels around and locks onto the most greenest eyes I've ever seen. Edward Cullen. Alice's brother. My bully back in grade school to middle school. Alice was a year younger than Edward and I. She was even way smaller than us in height size. "When did you get here? How did you get here? I thought you weren't getting here until later on. Oh and where is your flavor of the month. I thought you were bringing a date?" Alice interrogates her brother until he sticks his hands in the air. He chuckles a bit and lets his emerald colored eyes glance over at me, raking me over with a smirk on his face. His eyes revert back over to his sister. "Okay Alice you win. By the way, you said the words 'flavor of the mouth' means only a month. Don't have a flavor yet, but I think I can find one at your wedding." "You're such a pig, Edward. Why can't you find a girlfriend?" "Why pick one when you can have all?" Edward questions with a full on smirk now covering his face with a mischief twinkle in his green eyes. His dark brown curls are pushed back into a messy appearance like usual. Alice scoffs before strolling away. I try getting her attention, but she just smiles at me before completely leaving the room. "Bella." "Edward." "So how has life been treating you my sister's best friend?" Edward questions raising an eyebrow at me letting his eyes sparkle once again at me. He stuffs his hands deep into his pockets, scuffing the ground slightly. His hand goes deep into his dark curly hair that is already messy at this point, but gets messy as he does this in a repeated motion like a broken record. My eyes connect with Edward's eyes. "No complaints so far, but a couple may come to mind the longer I stand here." "Look Bella, this is my sister's wedding and your best friend's wedding let's try to be civil. Can we at least try to be friends for one day or maybe more?" Edward inquires looking deeply into my eyes with a little bit of shyness now in his. My dark chocolate eyes follow his movements that are unsure now. I sigh comes from my slightly chapped lips. "I don't know. Can we? I'm not the one who starts the fights between us." Rage fills Edward's eyes in the matter of seconds. His eyes became a darker shade of green almost black with anger. He narrowed his eyes at me. He clenches his fist and unclenches them. "Wait… a fucking second. I don't start every fight between us. You're the agitator, not me. You stopped talking to me. If anyone is to blame for everything. It's you." "Me! I'm not the one who was bullying people. Remember that, Edward! Remember how you bullied all the way up to seventh grade starting in fourth grade. You bullied me for three years, Edward. Three fucking years!" I spill out feeling the steam rise throughout my body and I feel steam come from my nose. I begin to see red through my eyes. I clench my jaw tightly. What the hell? When did this become my fault? I didn't bully him. I didn't make his life a living hell. My body was in temptation of laying a finger on him until I reminded myself that this is Alice's day. I need to stay calm for her. "Bella, look. I thought we were behind this. I'm sorry for the way I treated you back when we were kids. I was an idiot. Can we just be on middle ground right now? Wave both of our white flags for this special day. Me and you owe it to Alice. She's someone who is special to the both of us." Edward explains letting his vulnerable side show for a couple of seconds. My eyes stay connected with his. Green on brown. It was time to wave the white flag. "Okay, fine." I answer scratching at my wrist slightly as a big grin begins to form on his face. He nods his head before taking off in a different direction leaving me in his dust staring at the bar nearby. That would be saved for the reception. Short hair comes into view moments later, bouncing with excitement clearly in her face. "Oh my gosh! Bella, what did you and my brother talk about? Are you and my brother friends again? Did you guys decide to spill the undeniable feelings between you too. Oh my… Are you going to be my sister now?" Her voice kept babbling on about her brother and me. Every question she let out, she made me cringe and want to throw something at her. Undeniable feelings. What was she even talking about? "Alice." I laugh slightly at her thoughts. "That is far from what happened. We pretty much decided to stay away from each other. We aren't falling in love or anything and no I'm not becoming your sister. Never ever will that happen." Her face slightly pouts. Alice was wearing a bright, white dress that accented her eyes. Her darker green eyes popped and her perfection of make up also brought it out. Her hair was in tiny bouncing curls and a slightly darker color. "Bella." she screeches when she notices me in the doorway. "Do you love my dress? Come on don't deny it. I know you hate clothing, but nobody can deny a wedding dress. Especially one that is as pretty as this one." "So where is Carlisle and Esme? I bet they are bursting in tears every second they hear the word wedding." My hand begins to messy with the bottom part of the dress. Alice nods her head letting a tiny tear run down her cheek. She wipes it away fast before it made her makeup run down her face. She leans forward grabbing my arm bringing me into a side hug. "Oh Bella, I can't believe this is happening. I'm getting married to the love of my life with my two favorite people other than him by my side." "Oh and who are these two favorite people. I'm feeling a little jealous over here." I tease slightly making a smirk cross over Alice's face. Her hand brushes her hand lightly through my dark brown curls with light spray in it making it bounce. I smile brightly at Alice as I watched her eyes dance over to her brother, Edward. He was interacting with his father. Edward and his father always had an amazing father-son type of friendship. His tanned hand brushed back his dark brown curls, almost black. I was happy for Alice. She was going to be standing close to her brother and her soon-to-be husband, Jasper. Jasper was also very close friends with Edward, too. Edward turned to stare at us from a distance giving Alice a side smile as he gave her a signal. A thumb ups sends Edward outside to stand in his position as we put the finishing touches on Alice. I stroll outside of the room to see Edward leaning against the wall. His hands stuffed deep into his black dress pants with his tie perfectly aligned. His tie was a midnight blue with his hair slick back trying to tame his curls. His dark curls were never able to be tamed. His green eyes flicker up to meet my own. Emotion was scattered in specks. I move a little closer to him standing next to him. "Hey." I quickly think letting my mouth take over for my brain, fidgeting with the side of my dress, again. It was a nervous habit for me. A small smile plays on his face. He nods his head at me and stares back at the ground, ignoring me