Thanks for clicking on this story! I have found a bunch of head cannons and other things that have shaped this so no, this is not all my own work. I love Harry Potter, and I hope you enjoy it. Everyone but Harry was sitting in the living room of the Burrow. The date was June, 1998. Molly Weasley, the woman who loved the most, had gathered everyone to talk. She felt no one really understands Harry's behaviour, or emotional states and she was going to fix that. Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Luna, Neville, all of the Weasley's, and many more people who were closest to Harry. Even Minerva, Hagrid and Kingsley were there. The room was bursting with around 30-40 people. "Alright, everyone, quiet!" She called out. Everyone sat down on the many couches and some just sat together on the floor. "Now, you all got my owl, you know why you are here. We are going to have a discussion about Harry." Lots of hurried whispers and dropped heads scattered across the room. "Now, now! We are here to recognise Harry, but not in a celebrity way, you know he hates that, he is very, well, modest and selfless, he would never admit to any of this, hence why he is not here. Now I know most of you do not understand what Harry really went through these first 18 years of his life, not the full story anyway. I have talked to Harry, and what Ron and Hermione have told me over the years, has been quite shocking." She said, glancing at her son and his girlfriend, who were pressed closly against each other. "Now we are going to start by getting you to put up your hand and tell me something about Harry, that can be anything, you think needs to be of attention." A hand rose into the air. "Dean? What would you like to say?" "I think, Harry is very underappreciated. I mean, he forgave Snape and Dumbledore. I really don't know how he managed to find it in himself to do this, both of them treated him like crap, and didn't really deserve his forgiveness." A few murmurs ran around the room. Another hand went up. Hermione. "I found his attitude towards Pettigrew incredible. I never found him as furious with him as you think he would be. He never fully hated him, although he fully deserved it. Harry really despises Bellatrix. He know the difference between someone like Bellatrix and someone like Peter. I mean, he tried to pull Pettigrew's metal hand away from his throat for god's sake, that was the man that betrayed his parents, and was now working for a wizard who wanted to kill him!" Hermione breathed and Ron hugged her closer. The room was silent, before Hagrid cleared his throat. He used 'expelliarmus' on a 'eath eater, tryin' to kil' him, 'cause he didn't wanna 'nock him of his 'room." He said. "I know 'umbledore, was very surprised, that Harry even manage' to find som' sympathy for Voldemort." The room gasped. "It's true." A soft, dreamy voice called out. The other four who was in the battle of the the department of Mysteries nodded. "Also, he returned the elder wand, to Dumbledore's grave." She said. Ron and Hermione nodded. Ron spoke up. "He was the one who decided to go back for Malfoy, when we were stuck in the burning room of requirement." He said solemnly. "I know how much we both hated him, and I probably wouldn't have gone back, truthfully." He added. "He even felt sorry for Malfoy, when he sees how Voldemort was controlling and forcing him to do." The room was quiet. Everyone had been told of what Snape did for Narcissa, Draco, Dumbledore and others, they now knew his backstory, and his fate as a double agent. Molly let the tension in the room die down. "Alright everyone. We will continue this after I explain something to you. Now, I'm sure you all remember what happen in Harry's, and a lot of your 5th year." A few curse words when around the room. Molly continued. "I know a lot of you were quiet mad at Harry for being so angry over his 5th and 6th year. I'm going to tell you why he had that right, now I know this is going to be shocking for some of you, and I'm going to be blunt. But please listen." "Harry's anger over those years is so important. because it's a response to a violation of his boundaries, a breach of trust—and in many ways, a response to boundary violations that began during his emotionally abusive childhood." The room was silent after this first sentence. "Ron and Hermione have told me lots over the years about his home life and other things they have picked up of at Hogwarts." "One of the the first massive boundary violations, happens in Harry's first 11 years, in his household, of his uncle, aunt and cousin. First of all they didn't respect him as a person, didn't acknowledge his needs, didn't allow him belongings, restricted his access to food, took away correspondence that belonged to him, denied him important information not just about his family but also about his personal safety." Lots of people took a deep breath, no, this wasn't one of the many things mentioned in Harry's talk. "I have to say, but most of us didn't treat him very well in his 5th year. This is still a massive boundary violation. Again, we were denying him access to information, all of us in the Order did it, and I'm so ashamed of it, and wish I could have changed that. Ron told me that Harry told him he had to lie under the window, just to hear the news. Ron has pushed Harry for information, we were able to find out more about his summer at the Dursleys. They were restricting his access to food, some days he didn't even get to eat." The room bowed their heads in shame. Ron spoke up. "I, um, didn't tell you one part Mum. I talked to their neighbour, she's a Squib. She saw, on many occasions them also physically abusing him, mind, Harry denied all this, and," Ron took a deep breath and blinked back tears. "And, um, she told me, during that same summer, she was too scared to call the police, Vernon, um, she explained to me, and I quote, 'grabbed him around the throat, and Harry didn't even seem surprised.'" The room gasped with horror, Ron, now holding a crying Hermione. Molly closed her eyes and took a deep breath and continued. "Harry has had a right to anger for a long time. but the only time he really expressed that, even inadvertently, he was punished for it by the people he trusted. overall, it's made very clear to Harry that he's not supposed to express anger at the Dursleys." "At the end of the Triwizard tournament and the beginning of his 5th year, however, Harry experienced some massive boundary violations within this wizarding world. The discovery that a teacher he trusted is actually a Death Eater working to kill him. The loss of meaningful contact with his friends over the summer," Ron and Hermione bowed their heads and silently cursed Dumbledore, "He deals with terrible PTSD, and the threat of losing all access to Hogwarts because he defended himself and Dudley." The room was nodding their heads, he really was so selfless, defending the person who had been bullying his his whole life. Molly continued. "The wizarding world, despite its physical dangers, has been Harry's emotional haven. he has so far been safer there than with his abusers, because he receives validation, is allowed to have human needs, and can trust others to have some concern for his well-being. however, with these three violations, things begin to change. Barty Crouch pretend to care about Harry, then leads him to Voldemort. Dumbledore forbids anyone to give him information over the summer, which sends the message that the struggle he's experiencing isn't important. and the Ministry tries to expel him from Hogwarts for self-defense, which is a clear indication that his needs even in life-or-death situations aren't important to them." Molly breathed. People were starting to see the terrible side to the story, Harry's side. "By this point, Harry is already really angry. it's a valid reaction. in fact, it's a warning sign. he's being told his safety and happiness don't matter, and that's a dangerous position to be in." She explained. "And then Umbridge comes into the picture." the room shook their head and cursed the Ministry of Magic. "Now, I have had conversations with all of you, the teachers and many other students about Unbridge. Umbridge doesn't just deny him access to information; she imposes her will over the information he already has. she displays open favoritism. she's physically abusive, and in fact forces Harry to enact that harm on himself. she punishes the students for learning how to defend themselves, despite the fact that this is supposed to be part of their curriculum. everything she does sends the same message to Harry that the Dursleys have been sending him since he was a kid: what he has to say doesn't matter, his safety isn't important, and he should never stand up for himself. the difference is, she's communicating all these things in the very place Harry has come to associate with safety, so it's an even greater violation." Lots of people now nodded. Ron again spoke up. "Mum do you mind if I add something met high here? You can carry on after?" Molly nodded. "Go ahead." "I know most of you know are wondering why he never asked for help more, why doesn't he ask questions, right? Well, to be blunt, THAT IS LITERALLY WHAT HE LEARNED HE WOULD BE PUNISHED FOR DOING GROWING UP." The room was quiet, with shocked face all around. Before adding more quietly, "It was drilled into him not to ask for help." "When I first discovered Harry basically being forced by her to mutilate himself, I was like, why the heck didn't you tell anybody?! We need to tell someone right away! But, Harry's reaction was "they're busy, they don't need me causing trouble, it would just get them into trouble, I don't want to bother them." I was just shocked, and this is when I knew for sure, and all my suspicions were correct, because this is so accurate to what you learn when you're being abused and bullied. Do not ask for help, do not bother people, they do not want to deal with you, this kind of thing is normal and things with get worse if you do. Of course it was his instinct to keep it a secret." By now everyone was crying. Ron was shaking and Ron, Hermione, Luna and Neville were all hugged in a big group with each other waiting for Molly to continue. "In addition, Harry's trust is betrayed by Dumbledore, who consistently denies him information and is absent when Harry needed him, such that Harry gets the impression he needs to handle everything alone, and isn't willing to tell Dumbledore about Umbridge's abuse. and then there's Snape, with the Occlumency lessons, literally forcing his way into Harry's mind and mocking him for being unable to stop it! Basically, Harry's anger is important, and should be to all of you, because it validates that emotional response to abusive boundary violations. does he always use that anger wisely? no. but he tries, and he grows, and he's a person and he's been massively betrayed and that matters, it matters just in general because the world needs to know anger doesn't necessarily mean people are evil or dark. sometimes, it just means they need to be listened to. And one thing I will never forgive myself for is not taking