Hey folks, I'm posting all my old stuff because it technically belongs to you anyway. No need to review (unless you like, of course) this is purely for your amusement. I will read and cherish any notes you feel inspired to leave, of course, but I will not be able to hit you back. Thanks for reading and hope you enjoy! ' ' Rated: T (language and a some earthy grossness) Genre: Romance, drama (maybe a little humor thrown in there too) Beta: None (obviously) Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Blah blah blah... just havin' fun. ' ' A/N: I wrote this one-shot for a Tricky Raven prompt called Jacob's Puppy for which the incomparable Nikitajuice provided a GORGEOUS digital painting as inspiration (A half-naked Jake taking a nap with a baby on his chest). I have never written for a prompt, but her art just compelled me to play! The challenge was to create an o/s showing Jake becoming a father and giving our fave wolf an HEA. ' One unusual word: Bluelines - in graphic design it's the proof to see if everything is lined up properly. It has double meaning here. The story is told in a short series of vignettes and is an attempt to envision Jake's HEA. It takes off from the beginning of BD. This is a first for me: no real angst... just drama and fluffy gooey-ness. As always, thanks for reading and hope you enjoy! ' ' LIFELINES ' Enemy lines Sam was staring. Bella dipped her head, humiliating red rushing to her cheeks all the same. Her hand inched over the table and grabbed for Jacob's, searching for the sheer comfort. His deep belly laughter evaporated into chuckles as his warm, roughened skin swallowed her hand and ferried it to his lips. Bella hazarded a glance up. He had somehow torn his gaze from the beguiling sight of Embry flailing in Paul's headlock, to trace his tongue over the mountains of her knuckles. His dark straight lashes ghosted in a sly wink that was all promises and sweetness and dark chocolate sex. It made her stomach flip and her lip pop free from her teeth's incarceration on its way to an answering smile. "Y'okay, Bells?" he murmured, lowering her hand back down to the table as his dark eyes flitted over her in concern. She nodded, everything forgotten in that soft teak gaze and she picked up her fork with her free hand to prove it. Her smile however dried and stiffened as she returned her attention to the unappetizing plate sitting before her. Out of the corner of her eye she saw him watch her for a few more moments as she stabbed a potato and rather unconvincingly shoved it into her mouth. He returned his attention to the raucous scene across the table, yanking her hand as his chair jerked back with his explosive guffaw. Bella's eyes darted to where Embry was shrieking and bucking while Paul was trying to shove baby carrots up his nose. The atmosphere in Emily's kitchen was even more jubilant than usual. In the middle of the table was Jacob's untouched birthday cake (except for a Embry's sneaky finger that left a bold stripe through the word 'Happy' and - as of the moment - one carrot shoved uncomfortably home). The roughhousing abruptly jostled the table and Bella released both her fork and a squeak of surprise as she jumped back. Jacob's strong arm and lightning reflexes caught her as she tipped backward off the bench. "ENOUGH!" Sam's deep imperious voice was like a crack of lightning and every last head in the room deferentially whipped around. He was standing, tall and imposing, with hands prone on the table and a dark severe frown for the two troublemakers comically frozen where they'd fallen. The incriminating carrot dropped from Paul's fingers with a soft clack on the wood floor. "Stop fucking around!" he commanded, using harsh language that seemed at odds with the crime. Without a word, Paul lithely congealed to his feet offering a hand to his victim. Embry snuffled the remaining carrot out into a palm and pulled himself up. Brow furrowed, Sam's dark eyes panned over the table, landing with all the subtlety of a transatlantic airbus on Bella where she remained half on the bench, half supported by Jacob's burly arm. Like dominos, all heads followed his gaze and Bella was suddenly staring back at 12 sets of eyes. Expressions ranged from Kim's reassuring smile to Paul's outright glower and once again a heated blush robbed her of any dignity to be had. Jacob stood, pulling her off the bench in the uncomfortable silence. Mortified didn't even begin to describe it. He pulled her into a tender embrace and Bella hid her face in the comforting valley between his two firm pecs. "Shh, honey," he soothed, words for her ears alone though privacy was certainly a joke with the Pack. He drew in a long decadent breath at the crown of her head as she shakily wrapped her arms around him and let the deafening silence swallow them whole. "What's your problem, Sam?" The words vibrated in his bones like the rumble of thunder and she felt his muscles jerk in resonance. Biting her lip, she tipped her head up to see Jacob scowling across the quiet room. They were at it again; Sam and Jacob had been at each other's throats for the better part of a month now and more subtly for quite a bit more. It was always over her these days. "Jake," she whispered urgently, reaching her hands up to his cheeks. Jacob's nose wrinkled with a last silent snarl for his Alpha. Bella glanced over her shoulder as Sam was sitting down, all eyes now uncomfortably settled on their plates. "It's okay Bells," he crooned, urging her chin back around with a gentle finger. "Sam's just being a jerk ," he shot another glare over her head in punctuation. Behind her an ominous growl sent shivers up her spine. "When do we get the cake, Em?" Quil's gawky voice piped up in a bid for distraction, and the entire table seemed to follow his lead. Animated chatter erupted, and Bella's shoulders tentatively relaxed. "Sorry," she mumbled collapsing against his chest in relief at another disaster averted. And she was. Sorry for causing so much heartbreak, so much tension …. sorry for getting between him and his Pack. "I mean, it's your birthday." "What?" he chuckled, leaning back with a ten thousand kilowatt smile. "It's the best birthday ever." With a sentimental smile, she snaked her hand up to cup his jaw. For a moment - even in all the bustle of forced frivolity - there was only the two of them in the room. Her fingers ghosted over his days worth of stubble that made his face look older still. Gone was that soft, childish look to his features, even over the last few months he had changed. She traced the angles of his athletic cheekbone in reverence while his breath stuttered to a halt on those sensual lips. He could be celebrating 28, not 18 and every day she loved him just a little a bit more. "Love you, Jake," she whispered. "Love you more," he breathed, bending to taste the mouth she plaintively offered. "Mm-mm," she contradicted against his lips. She could feel his heart in the play of his teasing tongue. "Let's finish eating before that cake's taken hostage?" she suggested. Fighting his smile, he nodded as he dragged a warm possessive palm down her back. "I gotta pee," she grimaced. "Thanks for sharing," he snorted, slipping down and pinching her ass. She yelped and he chuckled wickedly, pulling her in and placing another breathy kiss on the top of her head. "You smell good enough to eat, honey," he sighed, his breath tickling her hairs and giving her chills. "Reason number two to get outta here quick," she teased. Jacob groaned at the dorky joke as she turned out of his arms. And she did have to pee, but more than that she just needed a break. Just for a minute. With a nervous glance back at Jacob, she walked down the length of the kitchen while every judiciously tried to ignore her. Everyone that is, but Sam. His suffocating gaze was locked on her every move. A growl from the other side of the room made Bella glance back at Jacob who was frozen with his palms splayed on the table, halfway down to his seat. Emily turned around from the counter and stepped up behind her imprint, placing cautionary hands on his massive shoulders. He turned up to grab a covetous kiss and mercifully released Bella from the bondage. Bella nearly tripped in her haste to flee the room. She stumbled down the hallway to the first floor bathroom, biting her lip against tears that threatened to further ruin Jacob's day. She slipped into the bathroom and closed the door behind her, leaning against it as her breath hitched. She thought things would be better by now. It had been five months to the day (strangely enough) since she'd crossed the line from enemy to … whatever she was now in the Pack's eyes. And she'd done so in her wedding dress of all things. She'd broken the vows she'd made that day with Jacob's first dance. Swaying, awkward and perfect, in arms that were so strong and sure - even when his heart was breaking - had made her realize that it was this embrace that would eternally hold her soul . Strangely - or perhaps predictably - it had been Jasper who'd taken the next dance. And the next. And the one following after. In his arms she'd finally had to face herself. So with magnificently humiliating aplomb, clothed in gauzy white, she'd gotten into the car with Seth Clearwater and left her bright and fledgling future to chase down her past. The marriage had been annulled, but she had certainly not started her relationship with Jacob with a clean slate. The Pack had accepted her back with a hearty mixture of redemption and resentment. It would take time, her father had said trying to tame that smile that burst through his mustache more often than not these days. Time to trust, heal and grow. Time to prove to Jacob that her decision hadn't been simply a knee-jerk reaction to commitment (as Paul and others spitefully thought). As battered and reeling as each of them were, Jake n' Bells had tripped and stumbled their way back onto a road so natural it sometimes felt they'd never left it. But all she had to do was look into Jacob's eyes, to remind her that they had. His pain and doubt still shadowed that sun, but it shouldn't really be a surprise. She'd pretty much made a full-time job out of hurting him these last few years, and that kind of pain healed slowly even for a supernatural shape-shifting wolf. So she was the best she could be every day, generous with her eyes, her heart, her hands. Everything she did, she tried to infuse with the silent whisper "I'm never going to leave you again." Jacob was starting to believe her. The rest of the Pack wasn't so sure. It was a penance she decided she both deserved and gladly accepted, but she had to admit, it was starting to hurt. A soft knock on the door made her start. She hastily wiped the tears that had leaked out when she hadn't been looking. "Bella?" Emily's quiet voice was hesitant. Sniffling, she straightened. "Yeah?" she called, hating