Mom always told me I was special. She said I was destined for great things, and that as long as I was a good girl and I prayed every night, everything would be okay. A lot of the other Moms think it's weird and bad that I don't have a Dad and he's never home, but they're wrong and stupid. My Dad is always with me, in my heart. Hi, I'm Jackie. I have blonde hair tied back into a ponytail, and beautiful blue eyes. My mom always says I have my Father's eyes, and she's right, because hers are brown. I wear a black shirt, and a black pleated skirt, but only because it looks like a Nun's clothes, I'm not weird. I also wear white socks and black shoes with black laces and a metal necklace with a Crucifix on it. I'm thirteen years old, and I go to Saint Frobisher's School of Divinity, in New York. There, I learn about God, and all the wonderful things he's done for us. Sometimes, bad things happen. The Devil tries to trick me by making me see bad things, or making it harder for me to read the Bible, but I don't mind. He can't get me! And I made sure I remembered and learned the whole Bible, so even when he makes it so I can't read anything, I will always hold God's word in my heart. Sometimes, The Devil sends monsters after me. Like today, in class. I had just gotten off the School Bus when I ran into... HIM. If there was ever a worse human to walk the earth, even God wouldn't be able to forgive him. He had brown hair and cold dark green eyes, like a plant that had withered and died in his presence. His name is Bill, and he wears black trousers with red flames on them, bright green and white sneakers, and a shirt with something horrible and mean on it. It's something different every day, and I'm sometimes glad The Devil messes up my sight and tries to blind me to God's world, because it means I don't have to see what his horrible shirt says. He was in a circle with his two friends, a black-haired guy called John and a fat blond guy called Benjamin, and they were laughing and joking about how dumb we all are just because God loves us and not him. He thinks he's better than us. I hate him, even though God says I shouldn't. He shouldn't even be here, he's only here because everywhere else kicked him out. He's always got his phone out - Mom doesn't want me to have a phone, because The Devil whispers to you through them - and he's talking to his fake friends on the internet. Mom says the internet is okay, but I can only use it when my Mom is watching, because The Devil loves to whisper sweet little lies to you whenever you're using the TV or the Imternet. We don't have a TV. Mom calls them Devil Boxes. I angrily ignored Bill, and walked harder into the building, meeting up with my friends Mandy and Jessie outside of the IT Class, which had four computers we all shared. Mandy is really nice. She has blonde hair like me, but she's really shy even though she's almost as pretty as I am. She wears the same clothes as me, because it's the school's uniform. Jessie is funny, too. She laughs at stuff, and she says she wishes she was a fish. When she grows up, she wants to go to Seaworld and work there and swim with the dolphins. She has black hair and has a blue eye and a green eye, and she wears the same clothes as me, but she also has a blue hanky tied around her neck, like Fred from Scooby Doo, except hers is blue, not orange. Mandy has all the Scooby Doo Movie DVDs, and she sneaks a tiny portable DVD Player into school, and we watch it in the bathroom together whenever she gets a new DVD. Her mom said that God said it's okay to watch DVDs, because they're disks and they're not connected to the internet like TVs, so The Devil can't get at them. "Hey, Jackie!" Mandy said happily. "Hi!" I said happily, hugging her and then hugging Jessie. These two are my best friends. "What's first period?" Mandy asked. She didn't have a very good memory. "Maths with Mrs. Pamela." I said. I had a really good memory. "Ugggh, that's so BORING! Why can't we learn about something cool, like fish?" Jessie asked us, spreading her arms. Many laughed, and so did I. The bell rang, and we went to class. We were supposed to have maths, but instead, when our teacher came in, eight guys in priest clothes came in with her. After our morning prayer, she said "Now, class, today, some very special students are going to have some very special private sermons." Some students grumbled about how special I was, but I didn't care. They were just jealous, and God says you're not supposed to be jealous. "Everyone can go out to play, and first, we'll have... Jackie Chandler, Jessie O'Conner, and Mandy Grimm. Come to the front of the class, and the rest, you may go." Some kids laughed at my name, because people always do when someone says the whole thing, but I don't know why. It's pronounced Shandler. Not Jandler. The three of us got up, and everyone else left in an orderly single file. "Now, I think I'll go and pray." Mrs Pamela said, leaving the room and locking it behind her. The eight priests suddenly tore off their clothes and revealed their hideous forms, colossally muscular limbs, faces with only one eye, patterns of red upon their chests. They began to hoot and scream and laugh, and then one attacked while the other watched. The demon let out an ungodly screech as he grabbed Mandy by the head, slamming her against the wall. With his other hand, he punched her in the gut hard enough to break her ribs as she screamed. He let go and she fell to the ground, and he let out a "Huh huh" laugh as he kicked her over and over again. The rest of them came at us, slowly walking with big grins on their faces, like wolves, and I looked around in fear. The door was on the right side of the room, and the windows have metal lines on them so nobody can break in. But now, they were stopping me from trying to break through the window and escape. There was only one thing I could do. I got down on my knees, put my hands together, and started to pray. Jessie started crying, and screamed at me to do something, to help her, and I could hear the monsters laughing as I kept praying. She started to scream, and shake me, but I ignored her. I was praying to God, and I could feel Him within me, filling me with His light as I kept praying. Jessie's screams got louder and louder as the sounds of hits and breaking bones got louder, but I could feel the prayer working, and I prayed harder. A high scream that suddenly stopped made me stop and cover my ears, and I opened my eyes to see what was left of Jessie. I threw up, and the monsters found this funny. My friends were dead. I stumbled back, scared and confused. My friends were dead. Why did they die? Why didn't God save them? All of my friends were dead, and oh God, I was next! The monsters got closer to me, backing me up against the wall, and as I felt their fat bodies pressing against me, shoving me further and further into the wall, I screamed. The three in front of me suddenly exploded and dust went everywhere. I closed my eyes and mouth, coughing, because the dust of hell tasted awful, and I realized that God had answered my prayers, He had come to save me! I opened my eyes amd saw Bill's fat blonde friend Benjamin swinging a big golden sword, slicing through the monsters like an Angel of God. Was he... sent by God to protect me? I heard some really bad words coming from the doorway, and I saw Bill staring, his mouth agape, and his black-haired friend was standing next to him, saying bad words. Bill ran straight for me, grabbed me, and shook me. "Jackie! Are you alright?!" He asked, a weirdly concerned expression on his face. "Don't touch me!" I screamed, shoving him away. He punched me in the face, and I stumbled back. "Get over yourself, and TELL ME WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON!" Bill bellowed. "EASY!" Bill's black-haired friend called John said as he grabbed Bill's right arm. He stared at his arm for a moment, and then calmed down. "I know this is ****ed up, but that won't help!" Bill snarled, and turned to watch his friend kill another monster, stabbing him through the chest and cutting up. "Since when is Ben part Klingon?" He asked angrily. "I don't know... Hey, my head hurts." John said, rubbing his head. "JOHN, stay with me." Bill said. "Stay with what?" John asked stupidly. "Woah, what the **** happened here?" "That's what I want to know." Bill said and glared at me. "These monsters were sent by The Devil to kill us!" I said, scared. He'd never looked at me like that before! And nobody besides Mom had ever hit me before! "MONSTERS AREN'T REAL!" Bill shouted, stamping a foot on the ground. "Now what happened here?!" "I just told you!" "Of course. What was I thinking, asking a Bible-Basher what happened?" Bill sneered. "I'd be better off asking a beaten, brain-dead dog. Wait a minute, I AM talking to one!" "Come on, man, this isn't the ****ing time for that!" John said. "You're horrible!" I yelled at Bill. Bill ignored me, his eyes looking around the room. He then went over to grab a hard wooden ruler, while the monsters were busy fighting Ben, who was starting to lose. A monster swung his club, and Ben blocked it with his sword, but then another monster kicked him in the special place, and Ben screamed and fell down. Bill snuck up behind one of the demons and stabbed his wooden ruler through one of the demon's eyes, ducking to grab Ben's sword and slice it through the monster's chest while they were distracted. He then jumped and swung it through another demon's neck, chopping its head off, its body turning to dust. I had no idea he was this fast! The monsters then realized what was going on, but if he could fight, so could I. "DIE, GODLESS ABOMINATION!" I screamed as I ran and jumped off a table so I could grab one of the monster's eyes and shove my fingers into its eyes. It screamed, and I yelled "THE POWER OF CHRIST COMPELS YOU!" over and over while it screamed and backed up into a wall, crushing me, but I kept my grip and kept yelling even as I felt a rib snap. In that moment of surprise, Bill stabbed through the other one's chest and then killed the one I had my hands on, and then all the demons were dead. "...Holy ****." John said, and when I looked at him, I noticed that he'd peed his pants. I laughed. Ben moaned and slowly got up, and Bill backed away, keeping the gold sword. "I'm keeping this until SOMEONE TELLS ME WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON." Bill said. "Demons from hell came to kill-" I started to say. "SHUT! UP!" Bill shouted. He then pointed his new sword at Benjamin. "You. Ben. You couldn't