A/N: This was my second submission to the Meet the Mate Contest. It didn't win anything, but I'd like to thank everyone who read and reviewed it over at the contest page. Beta'd by NewTwilightFan. Like always, she helped me make this better, and encouraged me to actually put this out there. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. … Today was turning out to be a pretty bad day. A no good, horrid, wish it would just get over kind of day. A waking up late, battling a headache, finding the milk was spoiled, missing out on my morning coffee kind of day. It didn't help that it was exactly one year ago on this day that I had lost my dad, the one person who had always been there for me. My mother had never cared, and I wasn't sure that sting would ever go away. I didn't even know for sure where she was these days. At least dad would be proud of me, I reminded myself. I was in college, and in another year I would have my degree in early childhood education. I had picked myself up and gone about getting my life together as best as I could all alone, but it had taken its toll. I felt so numb most days. It would've been nice to have people who cared. I huffed and set down a pile of books on the small table near the rear of the library, grimacing a little at the small cloud of dust that rose with the action. A delicate little sneeze alerted me to the fact that I wasn't the only one around. A little to my right sat a well dressed older lady. She must have been in her sixties, I estimated, judging by the silver of her upswept hair and the fine lines around her eyes. There was an air of fragility about her that made me want to coddle her with a warm blanket and hot chocolate for some reason. I shook my head. It was the height of summer. There were plenty of older people who dropped by to spend a few hours here, especially during the weekday mornings. I had noticed this lady in particular, because she didn't seem to be very social, despite her sweet demeanor and ready smile. I had never seen her join Mrs. Cope's group of do-gooders, or Mr. Berty's table of political debaters. She didn't join the doting grandmas when they gathered outside the library on rare sunny days, sharing pictures of grandchildren, pets and God alone knows what else. I swear I had even seen a flash of naked cowboy butt on one of their phones once. Nasty. Anyway, this lady mostly sat alone reading quietly in the comfortable couches closest to the classics, and near the windows. She was closer to the history texts today, though, and seemed to be alone. I had seen a young brunette about my own age with her once or twice. To be honest, it was the girl's shoulder-length, sharply layered hair that had caught my attention first, since I was considering doing something new to my own rather heavy fall of wavy, uninspiring brown hair. She was more attentive to the older lady than any paid attendant I had ever seen. More so than many family members either, if I was being honest. It was nice to see, and had stuck with me, giving me a warm feeling. I snapped out of my abstraction when she sneezed again. I quickly dusted my hands and made my way over, a little concerned and a little guilty at having caused her possible discomfort in the first place. "Hi, I'm sorry, can I get you something? A glass of water, or tissues or something?" The lady smiled at me, and there was something so motherly and warm about her, it made my heart ache. "No, my dear, it's alright. The dust is part of the charm of reading a book, don't you think? Alice, my grandniece, tried to get me to read on a... Kindling, I think it was called, but it just has nothing on a real book. Running your finger along the print, the smell of the paper, the heft of the book in your hand... it's so much more than just reading, in my opinion." I couldn't hold back my grin at her enthusiasm. "I absolutely agree! That's one of the reasons I applied for a job here at the library over the summer. It's soothing to be around books. Every time I open a book, it feels a bit like a new adventure. When I browse the shelves, there's always something new, just waiting for me to read it. Every time I open the covers, it's a whole new world, a different perspective on life or people, or situations that I had never considered earlier. It thrills me how sometimes a book seems to call out to be read—and I just can't resist." I blushed a little as I realized I may have over-shared a bit, what with my word-vomit tendencies. It was hard to hold back my passion for books, though. It had been too long since someone had cared enough to listen. "I know exactly what you mean!" she chuckled, as though at a private joke. Her eyes took on a slightly wistful look as she continued, "A long time ago, that feeling, that pull of books, brought me to the most wonderful man. In this very library, as a matter of fact." My eyes widened. That sounded so romantic—and strangely, so sad. "I would love to hear about it, if you wouldn't mind sharing with me," I said, oddly hopeful to hear her long-ago library love story. That seemed to lift the slight melancholy from her expression, which once again sparkled with joy and warmth as she looked at me. "You are a sweet child," she said; then paused and gave a little laugh. "Oh, I didn't even ask your name! I'm Esme Cullen." I took the hand she offered, and replied, "Bella Swan. I am so pleased to meet you, Mrs. Cullen." She patted my hand before releasing it. "Just Esme will do, my dear. I would like to think of you as a friend." The sincerity in her tone brought a lump to my throat. How long had it been since someone had spoken to me with such fondness? I swallowed to tamp down the sudden rush of loneliness and self-pity that flooded through me. "Esme, I am more than happy to be your friend. And I would be honored if you shared your story with me." Her eyes lit up, making her look much younger than she was. I was struck by the thought that she must have been a remarkably pretty girl. "I come to this library at least three days a week," she began. "I have done so for the last two years, since I moved back. Oh, I used to live here, in Forks, when I was a young girl. The library was my favorite place as a child, but not so much as a teenager. There were other, more exciting ways to spend my time. Dates, dances and drives—I thought I was living life instead of just reading about it. I'm sure things haven't changed so much over the last 50 years," she smiled, casting a glance around the library. It was true, there were always plenty of children at the library, but the teenagers tended to stay away. Dates at the library didn't seem to be a popular idea. "One Friday afternoon, my gran asked me to run to the library and get her a new book to read. I don't remember the name of the book, but I do recall feeling so annoyed that I'd have to delay plans with my friends. The librarian said she'd kept the book aside and would fetch it for me. Instead of waiting at the counter, I started wandering through the stacks. I don't think there was any conscious thought guiding me, just a compulsion, a restless energy drawing me towards the books. I was so conflicted back then, and the familiarity of the books soothed me." Esme paused for a moment, then asked, "How old are you, Bella, if you don't mind me asking?" "I'm twenty three, Esme." She nodded and continued. "I had just turned 18, high school was almost over. I wanted to become a doctor and join the army. Serve, do my patriotic duty, all that. My parents were dead set against it. They wanted me to get married and settle down to a safe, predictable life, and it made me so angry! But did I have it in me to really push for what I wanted? I look back now, and I see myself, and I see so much fear. I had a dream, but I was so scared. I didn't even know if I could trust myself, and it was so much easier believing my parents when they said I couldn't." I looked down at my hands, gripped together tightly in my lap. Well, that sounded familiar. That sounded like me, a few years ago, after one of Renee's epic rants. That was before dad had sat me down and told me that he believed in me. Esme's voice brought me back to the present… or her past, to be more accurate. "I was walking through the stacks, trailing my fingers along the spines of the books, when one book literally grabbed me. My finger had somehow gotten tangled on the loose binding. I pulled it out to free my finger, and in the gap behind the book, I saw the deepest blue eyes staring back at me. I don't know why, but I pushed my hand through the gap, and told him my name. He grabbed my fingers and introduced himself—Carlisle, 17, going to enlist in the army." Esme sighed. "My heart skipped a beat, Bella. I didn't even know what this man really looked like, but I had a horrible feeling of panic at the thought of him going to war. I think I blurted out something inane, like, 'What if you get shot?' And he said, 'If I get hurt, you save me, ok?' The librarian called out to me just then, so he kissed my fingers and let me go. I don't know why neither of us walked over to the next row and met in person, so to say. It just didn't strike me, back then. I got the book for gran and went home. I was still a foolish 18 year old, but after that brief meeting, something inside me changed. I didn't even notice it at first, but suddenly, I wasn't so scared anymore. I just knew that I had to follow my dreams, no matter how afraid I was." "Esme, that's just…that's so romantic." Furtively wiping away the tears that had sprung to my eyes, I reached out to hold her hand. The skin was soft, but looked parchment thin, with clearly visible veins. The difference in our ages was right there, etched in the skin of our hands as they lay clasped together. She shook her head with a wry smile. "I suppose you could say that. My gran passed away when I was 19, and left me a tidy sum of money. I used it to fund my education, since my parents absolutely refused. But becoming a doctor wasn't so easy back then. Colleges flatly refused to even consider a woman applicant. So I applied for nursing instead. The next few years were incredibly tough without my family's support, I won't lie. But at the same time, I had this strong conviction that what I was doing was right. I had good friends. I was happy enough, but my parents… they never understood. I called