Disclaimer: All the usual stuff… I don't own Twilight or Nancy Drew. I wouldn't know what to do with them if I did. A/N: I wrote this little story for Meli (Melistories). Some of you might've read it over on the page dedicated to her (Words of love for Meli). Do go and check out the other stories there. This version has been beta'd by Maggie (NewTwilightFan). She is wonderful, and I'm so lucky to know her! Chapter 1. The Bella Swan Case Files March 5, 2016 3 pm: Subject has left his apartment in a covert manner, for unspecified destination. … Ever since I moved into my new apartment over six months ago, my life has been shrouded in mystery. Alright, that was over-dramatic. There is really just one mystery, and he lives across the hall. Edward Cullen is tall, handsome, well-read, intelligent, polite, helpful, and has a smile that makes my insides mush. When I first met him, I thought he must be like a unicorn—I honestly believed men like him were mythical creatures, created by wicked writers to ensure that people like me live in a state of perpetual dissatisfaction with the actual human male population. But no, he's the real deal. He was the guy who helped me lug my furniture and bags up three flights of stairs when I moved in. When we had that city-wide blackout, he remembered my unreasonable fear of darkness, brought me candles, and organized a cosy living room campout for the two of us. I really believe if I ever asked him, he would buy me tampons without grumbling... much. This does not mean he's any less of a guy. I mean, he has the good parts, but he also has the not-so-appealing parts. For instance, it's a good thing that he's particular about fitness, and goes for a run every day. May I just say yummy abs? It is, however, not such a great thing when he comes back sweaty and stinky and gross, and thinks it's ok to hang out that way for a bit until he 'cools off' enough to shower. Nor is it great practice to recycle underwear by turning it inside out. I don't think anyone really wants to know how I know about that one. See, that right there, is proof he's not a figment of my imagination... because in my imagination, he'd just go commando, and then... well, let's not go there. To cut a long story short, ever since I met Edward Cullen, he has charmed me far more than he has grossed me out. I am crushing hard on this man, and based on evidence, it does seem as though he is really into me as well. In fact, about four months ago, Alice got me smashed on margaritas and then sneakily made me spill all my deepest, darkest desires about my dishy neighbor. We actually got pen and paper and made a list of things that prove that he's into me. It was a pretty long list, let me tell you. But the thing is, despite all the proof in the world, he still hasn't tried to even set a pinky toe across the line of friendship. At first, I got a little disheartened, and figured I had read him all wrong. Maybe he only liked me as a friend, and it was unfair that I was projecting these other feelings and desires on him. So I gave in to Angela's pestering and went on a date with Paul from her office. He was a nice guy, nice looking, nicely dressed, nice smelling and so on. You know, just nice. Not spectacular, or thrilling, or Edward. I was just stepping out to leave with Paul, when Edward jogged up the stairs, in his stinky running shoes, his grey shirt saturated with sweat, outlining every hard, defined muscle on his body. His hair was plastered to his forehead, and sweat beaded on his upper lip. I shouldn't have found it hot when he licked at his lip, right? Wrong. I nearly passed out from the desire to get naked and sweaty right alongside him. What got me even more hot and bothered was the way he looked me up and down, and the way his eyes got all dark and broody. Then he looked at Paul, and he looked furious—nostrils flaring, jaw tight, fists clenched, making his forearms look all strong and sinewy. I almost dragged Paul away, both to prevent the carnage I was sure was a minute away from being unleashed in my hallway, and to stop myself from attacking Edward like a lioness in heat. The rest of the evening was pleasant, but I had no qualms about sending Paul on his way without any delusions of 'seeing where it went'. I already knew where I wanted to go, and now for the first time, it seemed like my fantasies were not entirely in my own head. … The Bella Swan Case Files Saturday, March 5, 2016 6 pm: Subject returned to apartment in furtive manner, carrying a small bag. Note: not his gym bag, but similar, only smaller. When asked in a friendly manner where he had been that afternoon, he gave evasive answers. Finally said he had to meet a college friend. Highly suspicious behavior. … In the last few months, I have tried to step up my game. My first step was to start wearing tops that were a) sheer, b) low cut, c) backless, d) thin enough to see my bra through, or e) all of the above. Also skirts, and jeans that are a right pain to pull on or off. I have decent assets, so Alice says it's a crime not to show them off. Needless to say, this was supplemented with several fruitful trips to Victoria's Secret. The effects were immediate and rather gratifying. When I likened Edward to a unicorn, I didn't just mean he was too good to be true. He packs a sizeable magic stick in his shorts, as well. And the subtle shift in my wardrobe has given me plenty of opportunities to see his unicorn spring to life. Sometimes when I bend over, or bite my lip, or even just stretch out along the couch while we watch movies at his place or mine, I can see the unicorn twitch. I pretend not to notice, and Edward shifts around and adjusts himself when he thinks I'm not looking. But I'm looking. Once I was sure he saw me in that light, I moved onto step two: food. My grandma used to say it every mealtime, "The way to a man's heart is through his stomach." I tend to agree. I have a definite advantage in this area, since I have always loved cooking. Plus, I am tight with Esme, Edward's mom, and got her to spill on all his favorites. I had him eating out of the palm of my hand, sometimes literally. Turns out, it was his favorite comfort thing as a kid to curl up with his head in Esme's lap and have her feed him. So when he came home from work looking especially tired and frustrated, I dragged him over to my place, made him lie down comfortably with his head on my lap, and fed him bites of apple pie. He might have licked my fingers a few times. I saw how it made him hard, and tried not to let him see how it made me want him to lick other parts of me. … The Bella Swan Case Files Wednesday, March 9, 2016 3 pm: Subject is once again behaving suspiciously. He has just left his apartment, first making sure no one was around. As viewed through the peephole, he was carrying the same small not-quite-gym-bag. The chase is on. … The next step in my campaign was to get him turned on by my intellect. It was crucial, Alice insisted, that I put physical attraction and food first, because those things would hook him, and then my mind could reel him in. Whatever, I just like following these steps. It makes me feel accomplished. Of course, Edward had already known me for almost six months by this point, so he knew about my eclectic collection of books. As a high school English teacher, he had to suffer through some pretty cringe-worthy massacres of literature. He would sometimes spend hours telling me everything that happened in class, and once he was done venting, we'd break out the beers and discuss books, or writers, or whatever was on our minds. My favorite discussions were ones where we would both get so involved that for a while I'd forget about the get-Edward-campaign, and he would forget about boundaries, and we would both be all up in each other's space, touching and pushing and looking into each other's eyes to make a point. There always came a moment during such evenings, when I would feel the air around us shift and grow heavy with possibility. His eyes would go dark and his breathing would speed up. Each time, I would be so sure that this was it, he would finally give in, and kiss me with six months' worth of sexual frustration… but no. He would pull back, and hop off to the bathroom, or to get a bottle of water, or something. A week or so back, I was at my wit's end. I was fairly sure he was interested, and I was letting him know as clearly as possible, that I was so, so interested. I had made sure he was aware that I could pleasure his body, challenge his mind, and provide a comfortable hypothetical home. And yet, he wouldn't step out of the friendzone. Does my frustration with the situation show? Then a terrible possibility reared its ugly head. Was he interested in someone else? So far, I had not even thought about such a thing, for a number of reasons. First, he had never brought anyone home in all the months since I had moved in. Second, his obvious reaction to seeing me with Paul made me believe he was interested in me. Third, he spent all his spare time either hanging out with his brother Emmett, or with me. Fourth, beyond all the attraction, we were best friends, so it was unimaginable that he would not tell me if he liked someone. Fifth, it hurt to even list another woman as a 'maybe'. As I was saying, a week back, things finally changed. It was a Wednesday, and I was working from home, as usual. My life as a freelance programmer can be so glamorous… not. I wasn't expecting Edward back anytime soon, since he usually had staff meetings that ran late on Wednesdays. So I was more than a little surprised when I heard his door open and shut. I was still standing there, peering out of the inadequate little viewing marble fifteen minutes later, when his door opened again, and he hurried out. He had changed into a t-shirt and jeans, but I couldn't see his hands or anything, so I don't know if he was carrying anything with him. I didn't immediately find his actions suspicious. People change their routines for all sorts of reasons. It was when I asked him about it later that night, that I started wondering what was really going on. "Hey, I thought I saw you came home early this afternoon. Everything ok?" I had asked him, casually. "Today? Nah, I wasn't here. I mean, I had somewhere to be. Nothing important." He wouldn't look in my eyes, and his right knee started bouncing. I knew his tells by now, of course, and I knew he was trying to hide something. I let it be, and would have probably forgotten all about that day's aberration if he hadn't behaved so guilty after that. For the next couple of