Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: This was my entry to the Straight Thru the Heart contest, and while it didn't win anything, it did get an Honorable Mention. The story was inspired by a video I saw where two strangers came together to play a piano at a train station in Paris. Check out 'Paris train station piano' on youtube, it should be one of the first videos on the list. I wrote this lazy fic and then sent it over to NewTwilightFan, who is amazing, and wonderful, and all kinds of other good things. She said that seeing as everyone else got an HEA, Mike deserved a little happiness as well. I love you, Maggie. I bet if you ask Mike, he'd say the same thing :) ..._... Travelling is fun. Travelling around Europe with no agenda but to enjoy myself is spectacular fun. Having to bat off all the attention I've been getting is... a little surprising. I've only been travelling for two weeks so far, and getting hit on regularly is getting really old really fast. Is this what the pretty girls deal with all the time? See, I'm not a knockout or bombshell, not by a long shot. I'm as near boringly normal as you can get. So I'm thinking, men either have some crazy fantasy about single girl backpackers, or I got in the way of a random shower of fairy dust or something when I stepped off the airplane. It's been pretty crazy, honestly, and while I'm not complaining about all the random acts of chivalry, cause yeah, having doors held open and guys with cute accents stopping to let you go by first and oh, all the free drinks in bars... all that makes you feel pretty special, and happy, and a little drunk on your own awesomeness. But there's only so much of it a girl can take. I draw the line at guys fighting it out for the 'honor of pulling out mademoiselle's chair'. I kid you not. That really happened last night, at a charming little bistro in an adorable by-lane of Paris. Picture the scene for a moment: cute little cobbled street, round tables and elegant wrought-iron chairs, people walking by, the bustle of the busy city below, the quiet, sparkling stars above, it was like a scene out of that Van Gogh painting, all muted velvet blues and bright lights. I was high on Paris, and maybe that's why I didn't notice when Jacques and Laurent set their sights on me. Luckily they got so involved in their bickering that I was able to rush through my crème brulée and escape before they realized I was gone. It would've been amusing if it weren't so damned annoying. I really hate rushing through dessert. After all the excitement of last night, I figured I'd rather spend a few extra hours at the train station than expose myself to more of that sort of madness. So here I am, sitting on this uncomfortable chair in the waiting area of the Gare du Nord a full hour before my train to Amsterdam is scheduled to leave. So far, I've updated my status on Facebook (custom settings, so only the people I choose can see the post), and I've put up a picture of the impressive façade of the beautiful station on Instagram and Twitter. With nothing else demanding my immediate attention, I settle down with a nice, racy paperback. Now, it's a well known fact that people get chatty on trains, but I figured no one has that kind of time or inclination while waiting at the station, right? Wrong. It takes all of ten minutes for this guy to land himself the empty seat beside mine. I try to hide behind my sunglasses and stay focused on my book, but persistence must be his middle name. I haven't mastered the art of telling people off, and I just can't be rude without feeling horrible, so of course I finally set aside my book and resign myself to some more painful flirtation. Actually, 'painful' doesn't quite cut it. I'm kind of embarrassed for his sake right now. He's bumbling and inarticulate, and I think he keeps shifting around 'cause he's trying to hide a boner; but maybe I'm just being a complete bitch here. I'm seriously considering grabbing my bags and pretending it's time to board my train. Or maybe it'd be better to hide out in the restroom for the next forty minutes? Decisions, decisions. While I devise my escape plan, train-station guy is chugging along on his plan of seduction via tears of boredom. Is that even a thing, you ask. Yes, I reply, yes it is, and this guy... Mike? Mark? Something M... he's patented it. He probably drones on and on till the girls are dead or asleep, and has his wicked way with them. Damn, I think I just made him out to have more of a life than he actually does. I tune out and just look at the guy. I'm trying to be all dispassionate and observe him without letting my annoyance color my opinion for a minute. He's nice enough looking, in a clean-cut mama's boy way. Mike/Mark's clearly a soccer fan, given that he's wearing a Barcelona jersey, but he's definitely no Lionel Messi. He's got a weird chin-fuzz thing that might have been intended to be edgy, but ends up scraggly and just indeterminate. Chin fuzz is not a good look on him. And the chin fuzz has effectively derailed my attempts at being unbiased. "... and football, but I'm pretty musical too. I've been learning piano since I was six, so I think I'm pretty good, and..." Wait, hold it, did he just say piano? "Did you say you play piano?" I ask. He perks up, 'cause this is the most active interest I've shown since he parked himself next to me. He nods enthusiastically, and launches into a description of all the songs he can play, and how amazing his piano teacher thinks he is, and so on. Right. I need to do something before he gives me a headache, so I blurt out the first thing that pops into my head. "Hey, there's one of those ' a vous de jouer ' pianos right there. That means 'It's your turn to play,' doesn't it? Why don't you play something?" He looks a little taken aback at my random comment, before his expression becomes all hopeful and happy. I hope I can escape before he's done playing, because he looks like he's just discovered his soul mate in me. Gross. Mike (I really think that might be his name) saunters over to the glossy black upright piano that's situated in the middle of the waiting area, just a few rows up from where I'm sitting. God bless the good people at the SNCF for installing these pianos at train stations. With one last look back at me, he starts to softly pick out a tune. It sounds like Una Mattina , or maybe it's the theme from Braveheart… they sound pretty similar to my untrained ear… I have to admit, the guy isn't half bad. It is definitely better to listen to his fingers play than his mouth chatter. A loud, echoing announcement on the station's PA system distracts me for a moment, drowning out the music from the piano. I cast a glance back at Mike, and end up doing a double take, nearly giving myself whiplash. A man has joined Mike at the piano. He stands off to the side for a moment, bobbing his head in time with the music, before he leans in and hits a few notes to harmonize with Mike. I think my jaw just dropped. This man… his arms are lean and sinewy, and I can clearly make out the play of muscles in those broad shoulders as he shifts and sways with the music. I'm not exaggerating; the music seems to flow through him with every tilt of his head, every tap of his foot, it's in his very fingers as they move over the slender keys of the small upright piano. I am mesmerized by the way his tousled hair is glinting red-gold in the sunlight filtering through the station's high windows. I shift slightly to get a clearer view of his profile, his sharp nose, the way his lip curves up, creasing his lightly tanned cheek, and drawing attention to his angular jaw. In his simple white tee-shirt and light blue, well-worn jeans, he is casually breathtaking. A sudden rush of confusion and longing smacks the breath out of me. In the blink of an eye, it's last summer, and I'm back in Forks again. .._.. U-Dub was fun and all, but Alice and I were glad to get away from the city for a while. The second day home in Forks, Alice called up, all excited, blabbering about her cousin Edward. He had just joined an architecture firm in Seattle, and Alice was thrilled that he'd be in the same city as us. So when he was all settled in, and came over to visit his aunt and uncle in Forks, Alice and I formed the welcoming committee. Alice's gushing hadn't prepared me for meeting Edward at all. Thirty seconds in his company, and he had completely dismantled and reconstructed my vision of the ideal man; and the new ideal looked a lot like him. He was possibly the most handsome man I'd ever seen, and surprisingly easy to be around. Within minutes of meeting, we were joking around as naturally as though we'd been doing it for years. The weekend he spent with us in Forks was the most fun I'd had in ages. When we returned to Seattle, Alice and I met up with Edward frequently. He spent countless hours with the two of us, happy to drive us around, take us shopping, buy us drinks and generally spoil us silly. At one point, I was jealous of Alice for having someone that cool for a cousin. I sometimes wondered why he spent most weekends hanging out with us when he could have been out getting laid. One time, I think Alice asked him as much, when she was a bit tipsy. He just laughed and pulled us both close, saying something lame, like, "Why would I need other women when I have two of the hottest right here with me?" You see, the guy was cheesy, but everything he said made me melt. Beyond that, he never mentioned any women, and I was content not to know. It was definitely better for my peace of mind. Still, he made my heart flutter when he would smile at me a certain way. His green eyes dazzled me sometimes, making me lose my train of thought. In the rare moments when I was being honest with myself, I would confess that I might have a crush on him. I might even go as far as to say that I had never felt as much or as intensely for anyone else. But I pushed away those thoughts. He treated me exactly the same as Alice, so it was easy to fall into a safe, comfortable groove with him. I'd remind myself that I couldn't let messy things like feelings and hormones and lusty thoughts get in the way and ruin the fantastic relationship we had built up. So I buried my desire behind a wall of friendship, and got on with life. When I began planning my trip to Europe, it was hardly surprising that Edward was as deeply involved as Alice. I bounced ideas off him for my itinerary, and he spent his free time researching things like cheap and safe hostels to stay in, train timetables and obscure places to visit. He even bought