A/N: This was my entry for the Carlisle, Uncovered Contest. I had this idea, but absolutely no time to write. Just when I thought I'd have to sit this one out, I got a few free hours. I submitted about an hour before the deadline, so you can imagine how close I was cutting it. Unfortunately, that meant this wasn't as well fleshed out as I would have liked. Fortunately, the judges still liked it enough that it got 3rd prize and a special mention for the best plot twist. Special thanks to purpleC305, who read this for me real quick and reassured me it wasn't complete drivel. Love you, Chrissie! And finally, I want to expand this, but that will post separately; I'm going to leave this here as it is. Enjoy! … Alice Brandon once asked me if I believed in life after death. I thought it was one of her stupid jokes, seeing as she's sort-of dead. Or sort-of alive, if you want to see it that way. I don't remember what I said, but I do remember her infuriating smile, and her reply. "Bella, there's more to you than you know. You've been more people, and visited more places, and experienced more lives than you can comprehend. One day, you'll understand what I mean." I didn't think too much about it, because that's how Alice talked half the time… cryptic and vague and a little annoying. Still, she was one of my best friends and quite an accurate fortune teller most of the time. It was because of her insistence that I'd taken up my current job. "Bella! There's my favorite girl. I've been looking for you." I cringed at Michael Newton's overly cheerful voice. I sidestepped him before he could bring his sweaty palms to rest on my shoulders. He seemed to think it was avuncular. I thought it was creepy. Seeing as he was my boss, I couldn't really protest too loudly. My friend and colleague Angela and I had learnt early on to avoid him as far as possible. Today he had caught me. Not for the first time, I wished I had asked Alice to flick him away to the furthest corner of the globe like the bug that he was. Unfortunately, letting Alice use her supernatural powers on someone as insignificant as Mike had seemed needless at the time. "Hi, Mike. I was just on my way out to the Rowley place. Remember, you assigned it to me last week? I have a couple of people I'm supposed to meet about it today. Why don't we catch up when I get back in a couple of hours?" My luck really was out. Michael Newton, owner of the small but successful realty firm where I'd worked for the last five years, shook his head with a slimy smile. "Now, now, Bella. You are one of our best realtors, and I know you must be itching to take on something a bit more challenging. That's why I'm giving you the Cliff House. Don't worry, I already told Jess to take over the Rowley place." I was speechless. First of all, Jessica got the easy sale that I already worked on? And I got… That old house had been on the books for years. People went to see the place, but no one put in an offer. Over the years, all kinds of rumors had spread about it. Ghosts, evil spirits and unexplained paranormal activity? Those were the tamer stories I'd heard. The point was, this house wasn't going to sell. It was a dead property that no realtor wanted weighing down on their portfolio. And it just got handed to me on a plate. I wanted to kill that conniving bitch of a Jessica. Maybe asking Alice to drain these two blots on the earth wouldn't be such a bad thing. "Here's the file." Mike looked so smug, I wanted to punch his face. "And one last thing, there's a client who wants to see the place today. In… oh, about two hours from now. Go on, do your thing." With one last evil smirk, he walked off into his huge cabin. I didn't swear often, but the fucking visible fart was asking for it. … I let out a breath and shut my eyes. Anxiety at having to meet a client unprepared dragged at my composure, so I focused on my breathing. For a moment, I let my mind go completely blank. When I opened my eyes, I was calm, cool, in control. Turning away from the open window overlooking the gorgeous vista of the ocean, I walked confidently across the room and onto the landing. It really was a gorgeous old house. By rights, it should have been snapped up the moment it came on the market, yet here we were, five years since I started working for Newton Realtors, still trying to convince prospective homeowners to open their eyes to the potential it held. Originally built somewhere in the 1850s, it had been extensive renovated in the 1880s, 1920s, and 1950s. Its plumbing had been overhauled in the mid-1990s. Despite having been uninhabited for over a decade at this point, there was no doubt that it could give newer constructions a run for their money. There was no trace of structural damage, and the mysterious owners had taken care of the odd missing roofing tiles and the few damp patches that had turned up from time to time. The slam of a car door startled me out of my musings. I realized it must be the man I was supposed to show the house to. A Mr... damn, I didn't even know who I was supposed to meet! I consulted my notes... and frowned. There wasn't much information about him, not even his full name. All Mike had tossed at me before I left was that it was a man, a doctor. I focused on my annoyance, trying to ward off the nerves that were creeping in. He must be middle-aged. Married to the job, probably, seeing as he was out looking at houses alone. Hardly the type I would expect to invest in a huge family home like this. It was going to be a waste of time, just as I had suspected. I quickly made my way down the regally curving staircase, and reached out for the door just as it swung open to reveal the most gorgeous man I had ever seen. My head spun as I looked into his unusual, piercing caramel eyes. Alice's eyes, I realized. My vision telescoped and all I could hear was the deafening rush of blood as my heart stuttered. For a moment, I grasped at my rapidly receding consciousness . . . "Carlisle!" I gasped, and then everything went blank as I fell into a dead faint. … I am in the middle of strange countryside, rolling hills covered with heather, the long grasses bending and swaying in the strong breeze. Low clouds roll by, over the moors, and I gather the heavy cloak of fine wool closer around my shoulders. Even in the dull twilight, the sapphire embedded in my heavy signet ring glints. I am waiting for someone. I hear the rustle and crunch of approaching footsteps, and turn to see a pair of brilliant, smiling blue eyes. Sapphire blue. He holds out a hand with a grin, and my heart leaps. … I blinked awake, trying to hold onto the fading wisps of my strange vision. That did not, however, mask my acute embarrassment. The man at the door must have lightning fast reflexes, because he had caught me as I fell. I knew this because when I opened my eyes, his face was hovering over mine, and his arms were wrapped around me securely. His body was still cool from the chill wind that was blowing outdoors, and the contact made me shiver. The concern in his eyes was enough to warm me up from the inside, though. "Are you alright, miss?" His voice was smooth, but with deep, sexy undertones. I nodded, and he helped me stand. I wanted to whine and pout when he removed his arms from around me. He smelled better than anyone or anything I had ever encountered in my life. I stepped back and took in his features. Pale blond hair, neatly combed, but with a rebellious quiff right in front that refused to stay down. Bright, intelligent eyes the color of caramel, or amber, or something similarly exotic and unusual, under a defined brow. He was quite the most handsome man I'd ever seen, with an angular jaw and curved lips. Tall, taller than me by at least a foot, and dressed with casual grace. Who was this man? Why did he seem so familiar? I must have been gawking for longer than appropriate, because his pleasant smile slipped and concern shone in his eyes. "Are you sure you're feeling alright? Why don't you sit down for a minute? Have you had anything to eat today? Your sugar levels might have fallen." I brushed aside his concern. "I'm fine, thank you for catching me. This is embarrassing, but… I'm not sure what came over me." "I'm glad I was here. Have we met before?" he asked with the tiniest wrinkle on his brow. "You called out to me by name when you fainted. You seemed to recognize me?" I blinked and frowned. I had no recollection of having done that. Besides, it was impossible, because I had never seen the man before. This level of sexy wasn't something a girl could easily forget. "No… I'm sure you're mistaken. Maybe I gurgled or something?" I tried not to babble like an idiot, but there was something about him that put me on edge, and his baffled silence wasn't helping. Thankfully, he let it go, smiling and holding out a pale, rather shapely hand, with long fingers and neatly trimmed nails. "My name is Dr. Carlisle Cullen, and it's a pleasure to meet you, Miss…" "Bella Swan," I replied with a smile, trying hard to force down my nervous giggles. What was I, ten? … The showing had gone better than I had hoped, especially given the rather unfortunate start we had. Dr. Cullen was a true gentleman, and I was harboring a healthy crush on him. Not only had he saved me from falling and injuring myself, but he was also extremely knowledgeable… especially about the house. I frowned as I changed for bed later that day. Agreed, I had only been assigned the house that morning, but I considered myself well versed with its major features. I had made it a point to look up the old house, as a matter of fact, soon after I had joined Newton's. It fascinated me, with its history as much as its beauty. Dr. Cullen, however, seemed to possess a more intimate knowledge of the place. As though he wasn't visiting a new space at all, but revisiting familiar ground. Kind of how I felt every time I looked at the good doctor, to be honest. Had I really called out his name when I fainted? How bizarre. I picked up my phone to text Alice, but then tossed it back down on the bed. She'd see something was up soon enough, I was sure. Bella Swan falling for a sexy vampire? Oh, Alice was going to have a field day with this. I wondered if he felt the same pull that I did. … Sunrise over the moors is magical. A dense fog had clouded the horizon since late evening, but with dawn the heavens were becoming increasingly visible, the stars vanishing fast before the sun's rapid ascent. Where is he? The wind carries the sounds of rushing footsteps, and a muttered imprecation that would surely have made his father box his ears. It makes me laugh, and that is how