Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: This was my submission to the 2015 Age of Edward contest. Imagine my excitement when Rochelle Allison picked it for second place on her list (judges' awards). There are 24 other really good stories over at the contest page, in case you haven't read them yet. If NewTwilightFan hadn't pushed me, there's no way I would have written this. If she hadn't given me loads of suggestions and highlighted all the words I'm so fond of over-using, this would still be a 5000 word, half-baked, almost-story. She even made a beautiful banner for it. Thank you for everything, Maggie! Oh, and I beta'd her story 'Tracks' for the contest. If you haven't read it, you're missing out. .._.. 20 th March 1582 Yesterday, I was reminded that I have abilities beyond my learning of scripture, and an identity beyond that which the Society of Jesus has conferred upon me. A merchant is leading this caravan, with some thirty carts of goods and a large entourage of servants and guards. This Yakub Siyah—I find it easier to remember his name in the European rendering, Jacob. I cured one of his servants of snakebite, and find myself now held in great esteem as a healer. This merchant Jacob offered me a bag of gold coins, and seemed impressed by my refusal of the wealth. It brought me much merriment to imagine myself as a doctor here, dressed in their draped cotton loincloths and outlandish turbans, perhaps peddling ointments and cures under a mango tree. It is well that no one will ever read this journal; for they would surely believe me a madman if they did. In the next few days, we shall reach Agra, and thence Fatehpur, the Emperor's new capital city. I will be glad to be stationary for a while after this arduous journey. It is not only the physical strain of travelling over such a distance that I find to be so tiring. It has been far more strenuous to reconcile the barrage of stimuli that have assaulted my mind and senses since we left Goa two months ago. Though I have interacted with the local population frequently in the two years since I first landed here, I must confess to still finding everything about the natives strange and fascinating—their obsession with colour; their numerous customs; their enthusiastic and childlike celebration of their pagan festivals. Of course, I could barely contain my own enthusiasm when I first saw a Hindu temple, the tall, grey stone steeple several feet high, covered entirely with such a profusion of intricate statuary and carvings, that must surely rival anything created in Europe. The memory of their prayers at dusk is still fresh in my mind—the loud chanting, the clashing of the cymbals and beating of drums, the way the priest worshipped the idol by the light of a stepped oil brazier. We were not allowed inside, but even from a distance, the energy of their fervent prayers was palpable. Not all my experiences have been so blissful and uplifting, of course. Will I ever forget the mortification I suffered when, desirous of watching the sunrise over the sea, I blithely walked onto the beach at Goa, only to be presented with the sight of a neat row of bare buttocks? Never again have I dared venture forth if there is the least chance of a re-enactment of that scene of communal toilet! Having immersed myself in the study of these people and their culture for two years, I honestly believed I had achieved a level of familiarity that had inured me to the place—but I was so wrong. Journeying from Portuguese Goa in the Kingdom of Bijapur, to Mughal Agra, I feel as though I have entered an entirely new, unthought-of universe. From the rather rocky and harsh landscape of the coastal south, we have lately entered upon a pleasing, fertile flatland, which seems to grow more prosperous and populated the further we travel northwards. To my great discomfort, however, there is yet no end to the perpetual blanket of dust that seems to follow us everywhere in this land. Still, ever since we have left behind the Southern kingdoms and entered Mughal dominions, there is at least a marked improvement in the quality of the main roads. There seems to be greater patrolling along the route, and we have for the last several nights been able to repose in comfort at sarais, the regularly spaced wayside inns. In these rest houses, we have met other caravans of traders and travellers, and I own I am awed by the variety and volume of trade and traders that pass through these lands. These last few weeks have also made me question the efficacy of learning only Persian and Hindavi. I know for a fact that if I was to be stranded here alone for any reason, my polished, formal Persian would not get me far. I must speak with Father Monserrate at Fatehpur, about learning the local dialects. Proselytisation will be much easier if we speak the language of the natives. Our mission... our mission has been so important to me for so many years, but my vision is no longer as clear as I had been wont to believe it. This diary contains my innermost thoughts, and yet I am reluctant to write what has been brewing inside my heart and mind these past few months. Suffice it to say that the more I interact with the people of these lands, the more confused I get. Whatever the state of my belief, I cannot deny my excitement to visit the new Imperial capital. Father Monserrate, when he was invited to take part in Emperor Akbar's religious debates with the Qazis and Brahmins, was ecstatic. His letters continue to be hopeful, and quite appreciative of this Mughal's interest in Christianity. It seems the Emperor has built a special hall for these debates, and calls it the 'Ibadat' hall. It strikes me as a strange name—the word's connotation of 'submissive devotion and worship' hardly matches with its questing purpose. However, it is not mine to unravel the mysteries of this ruler's mind. It is difficult enough to understand my own thoughts these days. .._.. 13 April 1582, Fatehpur Daybreak was always a spectacular sight in its own right, for what could be more magical than the daily affirmation of the victory of light over dark? But daybreak over Fatehpur was unlike anything I had seen before. The red sandstone of the Imperial city seemed to come to life, practically glowing from within as the first sunrays hit each wall, each arch and column. I sat with my back against a pillar, watching as the courtyard below came to life as well, with people crossing it from all directions, every one of them intent on their task, their destination. The devout Muslims bustled to the mosque as the call of azaan echoed loudly in the quiet morning. Two kaneez , slave girls, splashed water across the yard, hurriedly mopping and cleaning the space. A clamour sounded from the cook's quarters, and a group of menservants departed in the direction of the hammam , the bath. I could not hold back a smile. I had never before seen people so obsessed with bathing. "What are you smiling about alone, young man?" a voice wheezed close-by. Turning, I saw that it was one of the sadhus , ascetics rumoured to live high up in the Himalayas. Though I had been wont to scoff at claims that such ascetics lived for several hundred years, meditating in their quiet mountain caverns, the sight of the wizened, emaciated old man had made me reconsider. His physical frailty apart, he certainly seemed to wear the wisdom of several lifetimes as an invisible mantle over his thin shoulders. "Just observing the palace coming to life," I replied, standing to greet him. "You are up early after last night's discussion." The old man laughed as he sat, motioning me to do the same. "When you grow as old as I am, you will realise the body doesn't need much sleep. But you are up early as well." I nodded. "I leave for Agra in an hour. We intend to set up a permanent mission there, and there is a lot to be done." The old man smiled. "That is good. But tell me, did you enjoy the debate last night? You did not look very enlightened at the end of it." I was a little taken aback. In the weeks since I had arrived at Fatehpur, I had attended a number of the discussions in the Ibadat hall. They had proven to be even more interesting than I had been led to believe. They also served to make me question even more deeply my innermost beliefs and the mission that I, as a soldier of Jesus, should hold dear. Last night, I had again been invited along with the other Jesuits to try and answer the Emperor's esoteric questions. The other discussants included the Muslim Qazis, as always, sullen and hostile; orthodox Hindu Brahmin priests; some Buddhist monks; and the sadhus . In the course of the discussion, the question of truth had been raised, and soon the entire hall had erupted in impassioned debates. Each side was adamant about their belief, and agreement on any point was rare. Yet, the atmosphere was invigorating. Shaking my head to clear it, I finally replied, "I'm surprised you noticed in that uproar, but you are right. Despite all the talk, I don't think I could enlighten anyone about the nature of truth." The old man cackled and wheezed, ending with a hacking cough. "For a man leading a normal life, it is enough that truth is the opposite of a lie. For a religious man, the truth is tied to the word of his God. But if you choose to go beyond these limitations, you will find that truth is beyond intellect, beyond perception, beyond belief. Your religion and your God are as true as the Qazi's, and just as false. This quibbling between religions is not a matter of truth; it is a matter of power." I nodded slowly, again looking out towards the courtyard as I considered the old man's words. "I can see that. I had hoped that such open discussions might lead to a greater understanding between everyone, but well," I shrugged. The sadhu smiled. "Peace and understanding are nice concepts, but they are not things you can actually apply to the world. All you can do is apply them to your own life, your own actions. You would do well to think on that. You are a missionary, are you not? You want to spread the word of God? Good, but before you spread it to the world, try and spread it within your own self." Not waiting for a reply, the old man stood, placed a gnarled hand briefly on my head, and walked off. I watched his retreating figure in stunned silence. The sadhu had hit upon the crux of the conflict that daily raged within my mind and heart. My faith was strong, but my conviction in our mission was not. Yet, it was a good path, a noble path, of that I was sure. Did that mean it was the right path for me? I don't know how long I sat there, deep in thought, until a manservant approached to let me know that the carriage was ready. .._.. 26 April 1582, Agra Looking around the modest quarters we had been assigned in Agra, I sighed in frustration. I did not know how much longer I could go on like this. My lack of focus was starting to irk me. I had never before suffered from such a sense of discontentment. Picking up my reed pen, I dipped