A/N: I wrote this for the Anything Goes Contest, and LovelyBrutal picked this as her choice for the 'Tastiest Twist' award. Heartfelt thanks to the organizers and judges, and everyone associated with the contest. It was so much fun to just let go and write! And as always, thanks to Maggie (NewTwilightFan) for going over this even though she doesn't have a lot of free time these days. [I love you, Maggie!] Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Paradise Island I'm so confused. Why was I asleep on this sandy and ... ouch... rocky, no... pebbly beach? Where are my clothes? Where am I? Who am I? ... I feel a little silly patting down my naked body, but it's all I have to go on, so... My mind is feeling less clouded, but I still don't know who I am, or what I am doing here, wherever this is. I do know that several parts of my body hurt. Really badly. My hands and knees are scraped and raw, as though I fell on them. This, at least, is a familiar pain. I've never been particularly coordinated, and tripping over thin air seems to have been my superpower. I know this by instinct, though I can't recall a single memory of such a thing happening to me. I can't recall a single memory, period. It feels extremely strange, and I wonder if I should be panicking. Maybe, but for now I find I don't really care. My back hurts, but I don't know if I've scraped that as well, or if it's just bruised like most parts of my body that I can see. Oh, and I am so bruised, I look like I rolled around on an ink pad... fresh bruises, from what I can tell in the dim light. Again, I'm surprised I know this. Could I have been a nurse, or is this merely the muscle memory of a frequent bruiser? Who knows? It doesn't seem very important, so I decide to stop torturing myself trying to reach out into a past that might not even exist for all I can recall of it. I see bruises up and down my arms and sides. I even have bruises on my breasts. My right side seems rather more mottled compared to my left. I have bright purple marks on my thighs, but nothing significant below the knees, except a long gash on my right shin. At least my limbs are all intact. Everything seems to be working fine, as I flex my fingers and toes. I stand gingerly, cringing at the pain in my palms when I push myself upright. I sway unsteadily for a moment, and my vision blurs. There's a sudden empty ache in the pit of my stomach that makes me feel faint. The ringing in my ears fades as my vision comes back in focus. I breathe through the pain. I don't really have much choice, since pain is all I feel. Except... I somehow expected my head to hurt as well, but it doesn't. I'm surprisingly clearheaded, apart from the obvious confusion about my identity and other such matters. I take this as a good sign, but push back my hair and gently probe my face and head just to be sure. I can't feel any bumps or cuts, and there are no tender spots that might suggest a bruise... which I think is strange. I would have assumed that if you lost your memory and woke up on a deserted island, you'd have a lump the size of an egg on your head. Still, I can't say I'm ruing the lack of a bump, or a black eye, for that matter. My face is smooth and bruise-free, from what I can tell. My awareness gradually expands, and I start to take in more of my surroundings. The ground is a mix of fine sand and hard pebbles. It seems to stretch out on all sides. I can see something in the distance that could be the swaying branches of a tree. I turn slowly, trying to see if I can spot any other sign of human habitation. There's nothing. I take a few shaky steps to my right, then a few more, before I stop. I can just make out the white foam of waves in the distance. The sand seems finer, too. But I doubt I'm in any shape for a swim in the ocean, so I change course and drag my steps towards the tree. As I stagger closer, I see that it is more like a whole copse of trees. That's fine by me. Trees mean fruit, and that's another word for food. I'm starving. The sky is lightening rapidly, which means this is dawn. My brain kicks into gear, and notes which part of the sky is east. I'm impressed that I thought of this despite my hunger and pain. Maybe I am a highly intelligent person. It means that I am more likely to find food and build a shelter and whatnot. I can live with that. The pain in my body dulls somewhat to a muted throb as I walk towards the trees. It can't be very far, but it seems like miles with the effort it takes to put one foot in front of the other. By the time my feet touch the first patch of scraggly grass, the sun has made its appearance on the horizon; still a bright, newborn orange, but steadily climbing up the ladder of the horizon. I'm not being poetic, by the way. I'm in too much pain to be poetic. The streaky clouds look like steps the sun has to climb, that's all. The ground rises, the loose sand of the beach giving way to harder packed soil. I struggle up the incline of what I suppose is a dune. There are small shrubs and stubby trees, and for some reason I feel a lot better seeing all this vegetation. I am thrilled when I finally reach the first tree and discover that it is a coconut palm. Coconut palm means coconuts, which means food and drink. I stop for a moment and lean my forehead against the tree trunk, sending up a silent prayer of thanks to God for being awesome. I pick up a conveniently fallen green coconut and a sharpish stone and get to work. A few dashes of the stone, and my coconut spouts out its sweet liquid with a sudden spurt. I lap up as much as I can, tipping my head back and shaking it to make sure I get every last drop. Then I strike it a couple more times with the stone so that I can access the soft pulp on the inside. After I slurp up the creamy pulp, I toss the shell aside. I already feel better, definitely less faint. Now that I know where to get sustenance, I decide to push ahead and see about accommodation, and perhaps clothing. I don't know how hot or cold it gets out here, wherever I am, and I figure it makes sense to be prepared if possible. The underbrush is not particularly dense, and I am thankful for that. The grass is soft under my feet, a welcome change from the sand and pebbles on the beach. The ground is uneven, though, and I stumble often. After a while, I look back and realize that I have been climbing steadily. From my vantage point, I have a clear view all the way down to the beach where I woke up earlier this morning. I squint up at the sky. The sun is blazing hot, and pretty much directly overhead. I wipe the sweat off my brow and shake it off my hand. My entire body is quite sweaty and I am beginning to feel parched. I grab a banana from a nearby tree and poke around near some coconut trees till I locate a couple of young nuts to drink from. The cool liquid revives me, and a gentle breeze cools me off as I sit under the welcome shade of the palms. I close my eyes and just feel the wind wafting over my exposed skin. I can hear the leaves rustling overhead, and it is a strangely soothing feeling. I wonder if the Garden of Eden was something like this. I think coconuts deserve a place in paradise. Despite my strange predicament, I feel calm and somehow comforted, just listening to the gentle hush and patter of the dancing leaves. I can make out the intermittent caw of a crow and screech of what I assume is a parrot. I smile, because this is so much better than the park. I don't even need to wear clothes. Not that I have any. I open my eyes suddenly, wondering if I had fallen asleep and dreamt it up. But no, now that I know what to listen for, I can hear it clearly—water! I move cautiously forward—westward, if my reading of the sun's trajectory is correct. I know I'm moving in the right direction, because the rushing sound of water becomes louder with each step. A little further, I can feel the change in the air. It's cooler here, and I can smell the water. And then through the trees ahead, I catch a glimpse of shimmering silver. I want to rush forward, but my aching body allows only a stumbling hop. The undergrowth is denser here, and the trees grow closer. Undeterred, I push past the low branches of what might be an oak, and realize that I am in fact in paradise. Maybe my bruises are from a brief sojourn in purgatory? Be that as it may, I honestly don't think I can have been to any place this beautiful before. It's a waterfall; not very high, but enough of a fall to have carved out a decent indentation in the rock below. I wonder if the water originates at a natural spring, before winding down to this point. It rushes over the lip of a cliff, and into an oval pool, from where I can see a small stream meandering away southwards. The pool is naturally divided into two parts. There is the waterfall itself, cascading in powerful streams onto the rocks below, and then separated by a line of rocks is a shallow, quieter portion where the water is a clear, sparkling blue, barely disturbed by a ripple or two. The whole thing is edged by the verdant green of healthy foliage. I cannot stay away. Aside from the fact that my explorations have made me hot and sweaty, I can still feel sand from the beach sticking to my body in places that sand has no business in. I circle around carefully, trying not to slip, until I reach an easily accessible part of the quiet pool. I stretch out a tentative foot towards the water, but stop just before I break the surface. An unwelcome thought makes its way through the foggy recesses of my mind. Horrible, squat, toothy predators disguised as logs in a river. Crocodiles! I am startled, because the picture that flashes in my mind is vivid, like a memory, and honestly, I'm a little annoyed. I think the last memory any amnesiac wants to recall is of a dangerous, wicked looking croc. But this is not a river; and given the force of the waterfall, I doubt if any such creatures are likely to be lurking in here. I sigh, because I really want to immerse myself in the water. I can almost feel my body relaxing under the cool spray. I give in. I dip in one foot and make sure the rock is not unstable. I carefully pick my way over the rocks and boulders that pave the bottom of the shallow pool, before finally lowering myself