Hi people! Nice to meet you! I don't enjoy a long author's note myself, so I'll keep it short. This is my first story and it might not be that good, so reviews would be VERY much appreciated. I changed it up a little so there might be a bit more deaths and war-like theme going on. Who knows. I might change it. It might fail or succeed. Constructive criticism is welcome as long as there's no hate or profanity. With further due please enjoy. :3 DISCLAIMER: I don't own Percy Jackson and stuff... yeah. Good job Rick Riordan.. good job. ;-; Prologue (Chapter 0) Annabeth Chase She thought it was all over… for awhile. She never thought that THIS would follow. It was right after the Giant War. The time where they would return, honor the dead, and feast a great banquet together. A time finally spent in peace with her boyfriend and her family, that she longed so much for. But no one ever expected such an outcome. "ANNABETH WAKE UP!" shouted Malcolm with a mixture of dirt, sweat, and blood on his face. She came to her senses, and like a little child that lost their parents in a horde of people, she felt like bawling until it was all over. Fear, panic, and adrenaline overtook her. Yet still, she grasped the rough, scratchy hilt of her celestial dagger, the one weapon she carried with much memories and nostalgia. She remembered how she taped a picture of her and Percy from the photo booth from when they went to the mall. This would not happen today, no matter what. "Malcolm, gather all the little children! Use the secret path and lead them down the hill. I'll rendezvous with Chiron and search for survivors." Malcolm nodded. He knew what the secret path was, but never expected to use it. It was a path only to be used in dire emergency. As he ran off, she stealthily headed towards the Big House, making her way through the thick smoke. She heards explosions and screams of agony around her. What made this all happen? It was a retaliation from Gaea, her back-up plan. When the gods and the demigods brought the desolation at the final battle of the war, her actual troops marched from the pits of Tartarus. Annabeth cursed as she was knocked to the ground from a burst of explosion. However, she was up and soon, entered the damaged house. "Chiron! Chiron!" yelled a desperate Annabeth. Chiron trotted down the stairs to meet her, as he fumbled with something shiny. "Annabeth! Thank the gods! We must escape, and we must do so quickly! Find the six, and flee. There is no time to waste! Now hurry!" "But what about you?" she replied. "You're not actually planning to stay, are you? Chiron looked at her for a short moment with such sorrow in his eyes that she had never seen before. But his expression changed with such speed that it seemed as if she had been imagining it in the first place. "Only for a short time…. Annabeth, listen my dear. Although there is no happy ending, you can make it. You will not be alone. Make sure to tell the others, especially Percy. Now go along, I will be right behind you," said Chiron with a smile. "N-NO! I - I mean…" said Annabeth, shaking, only to grasp a table to do so. "Don't worry. You haven't seen even HALF of the tricks I have up my sleeves. I may be old, but I definitely feel younger. Besides, Haephaestus, that old doof buried hundreds of secret automatons beneath these sacred soils. I'm sure they will keep me company." He then gave her a blue marble, the shiny object Chiron had been carrying. "Carry this with you, and in a desperate emergency, throw this on the ground. It will teleport a group of people in a big enough area to a location you think of. Don't fail me." With this reassurance, Annabeth stood up with pride displayed on her face. She hugged Chiron and whispered to his ear, "Don't you dare die. I'll see you soon." With that final message, she kissed Chiron on the cheek and ran out. She looked back at Chiron with a smile. He smiled back, and turned around to sheathe his weapons. "I need refill on ammo!" "They're two hundred meters away!" "WHERE THE FUCK IS EVERYONE ELSE? WE'RE DYING OUT HERE!" Campers were sprawled over. It was a mess and Chiron seemed to have a hard time keeping command. Fortunately, they started to fall back, carrying bodies upon them. Annabeth jumped over wooden obstacles and sidestepped the fallen on the ground. She spotted a 12 year old girl with a spear protruding out of her abdomen. Blue eyes, white hair, and Timerlands and was a daughter of Aphrodite. One of the only Aphrodite campers willing to train hard and fight. She had joined 2 weeks ago. The sight nearly moved her to tears. "I'm sorry," she whispered. And then she ran on. "Annabeth, about goddamn time! Where the fuck is everyone else!" asked Mark, an Ares boy. He was standing in a bloody trench behind a tree. She looked around. Children laid on the muddy floor, usually with a pile of blood. At the front, she encountered the enemy. Debris and dirt flew over their heads as they talked. "I'm it. We're ordered to fall back now." Mark was taken back. "Bu-Bu-But, we can take him!" replied Mark, pointing at 3 other Ares kids. "NOW, Mark." Mark grunted, knowing that she was the most strategic demigod. As he picked up his sword and turned towards his cabinmates, he spotted the nasty, horned Giant with a fireball looking at them with a smirk. Mark then realized. "ANNABETH, MO –!" Mark wasn't able to finish the sentence. Right when he pushed her away, he was blown by an explosion. When the smoke cleared, he camouflaged with the dirt, due to being covered in ashes. Blood spurted out of his mouth. "Oh fuck, oh fuck , oh fuck," whimpered an Ares kid in panic. He had his hand cupped around his bleeding ears. Annabeth picked Mark up and headed towards the secret path. It was the most gruesome sight she had ever seen. Many campers laid around wounded or dying. A few Apollo campers were rushing from body to body with actual blood on their hands. When she arrived, she smiled with relief. The other six were already there with few others. "PERCY!" "Annabeth!" The two stared at each others eyes, before she snapped back. "Mark is injured, BADLY. Clarisse, you take him. Malcolm, you take point and lead the children first. We got your six." Malcolm nodded and headed off with children crying while Percy reassured the others. In all honesty, he looked just as worried as the others did. "Don't worry! We'll be fine…" said Conner. "Yes, and moving on is important," added Katie. "Alright…" sighed Annabeth as she examined the group. It was Jason and Piper clinging to each other, Katie with a scythe (or a hoe?), the Stoll brothers looking extremely serious for the first time, Clarisse carrying Mark on his back with a furious expression, Hazel and Frank holding hands, Malcolm with five children, and Percy. Percy seemed furious. They traveled for several miles before stopping in complete shock. Up ahead was a…. a monster.. ' When the hell was he there?! It's like he was traveling with us the hole time. Teleportation? No, there would've been a flash. Were we just too tired to notice him?' "Well, well, well…" snarled the horned Giant. "What do we have here?" "Battle formations!" yelled out Clarisse. She dropped Mark and adjusted her spear. "Tsk, tsk, tsk… not very good manners. Isn't it courtly to introduce yourselves? Oh well, doesn't matter since all of you are going to DIE." At the last word, he stomped on the ground and earth-beings rose out. Except they looked and felt POWERFUL. Annabeth scanned her surroundings, looking for anything as an advantage when she spotted a blue marble. Not her own, but one in Percy's hands. ' So he has one too…' thought Annabeth. Percy met eyes with her, and they both nodded. They knew what they had to do. Percy lifted up three fingers. "Jason, I can use a little bit of your lightning powers right now!" shouted Malcolm. "I can't! I don't know why!" cried Jason. The Giant kicked Jason back 10 feet and backfisted Malcolm in the jaw. They both crumpled to the ground. Hazel desperately engaged the monster while shooting hard jewels at it while Frank, in bear form, tried to claw its back. "Haze, Frank! Take the children and go!" shouted Clarisse. "You too Piper!" agreed Jason. "NO!" "You fools. You think you have a chance against me?! You are worthless. Worthless, toxic pieces of shit that deserves to rot off at the dumps. Even your loving fathers abandoned you! But Tartarus, my father, gave us a gift. You will all die painfully,but first, you will watch your loved ones die. This world will crumble, and a new one will rise. This era is OURS. Now, die with that knowledge!" Right when he punched Clarisse back and tried to throw a spear, Percy threw the pearl at them. ' Mount Olympus,' thought Annabeth. Percy resumed attacking the monster while the group disappeared. It was just them two. It was scary how both of them knew each other's minds. They charged, or tried to. For some reason, they couldn't move. "Wha-What's…" said Annabeth, shaking. Percy only snarled with Riptide in his hand. "Oh, so I guess it will be ladies first, eh?" said the monster. He dragged his 5 feet blade and lifted it up. "NO! NO NO NO." shouted Percy in agony. "YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE PIECE OF SHIT. DON'T YOU TOUCH HER! OR I SWEAR TO THE STYX I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU!" "Oh?" said the monster, smirking. "ANNABETH!" "Percy, it's…. it's alright. This is my punishment from the fates, I guess." She was trying hard not to cry, but she couldn't hold it in. They both started bawling while the monster stood there in enjoyment. "Ahhh, you demigods are intriguing. Haven't seen such a superb play in a long time! Bravo, bravo indeed!" They both met each other's eyes. "Percy, you might not love me for the horrible mistake I've made, but it's alright now. I'll love you no matter what!" "NO, ANNABETH. NO!" "Oh, isn't that sweet? A lovely goodbye before dying. The same is probably happening with Chiron and my brother," mocked the Giant. She had no idea what was happening, but it all happened so fast. She saw Percy break through the paralysis and rush towards her. The Giant merely stood behind her and stared. ' Percy, I'm so sorry…' All of a sudden, she experienced a pain she never felt before. A piece of metal stuck through her, dripping her red blood. She couldn't think or breathe. And then, darkness filled. Chiron "Assemble formation!" The automatons dug themselves out of the Earth. Hundreds of them charged towards the Giant with horns, only to be swept aside by a wall of fire. "You, will die a painful death," the one-horned Giant snarled, pointing his spiky spear at Chiron's direction. "I would like to see you try!" replied Chiron, sheathing his two special swords from his back. The Giant charged forward at a speed of a racecar. Chiron galloped and their metals met with sparks weeping out. They exchanged blows, and then the Giant kicked Chiron and sent him sprawling to a cabin. "Everyone left you. You were punished to be here forever, with no spouse, no family, and no master. Only to die from me." When Chiron told Annabeth that he had a trick up his sleeve, he wasn't lying. Unfortunately, a big price had to be paid. Chiron looked