Chapter One "Jacob, I'm home," Bella smiled as she walked through the door after a day of shopping. Bella walked into her living room carrying her cloth bag with a few days' worth of groceries in it. She saw her husband's car in the driveway and alerted him of her arrival. She sat her keys on the hall table. She set her purse beside them. She walked through the living room and into the kitchen. She was surprised to see no sign of her husband of four years. Quickly she put together dinner and threw the chicken into the oven. Bella walked up the wooden stairs and headed towards her bedroom. On her way she overheard Jacob's voice speaking to someone. "I know, just give me some time. Damn it, I know. Don't raise your voice at me. I'm going to tell her. Yes, calm down. I know, I know and I am happy and excited about it too, I just need some time." Figuring he was talking about a court case he was handling, Bella ignored the rest of the conversation and made her way to the bedroom. She changed from her jeans and blouse to her black yoga pants and green lime green tank top. As she picked up her discarded clothes, she looked up at her wedding picture. She stared at the woman and man in the picture who had all but become strangers. For the last two years Bella and Jacob had gone through the motions of a married couple. They went out on dates and made each other smile, but long gone were the days of them showing each other how much they loved each other. On occasion they fooled around but they hadn't made love in almost two year. Jacob and Bella had known each other since they were children but had been high school sweethearts, although he was two years older than her. They had met through Jasper, Bella's older brother. Jasper and Jacob were the best of friends, but Jasper was a little apprehensive when he wanted to date his baby sister. To his surprise, they lasted through high school and different colleges. Jacob proposed when Bella graduated from college. They had been relocated from Seattle to Phoenix Arizona away from their family and friends due to Jacob accepting a job with a law firm near where he had studied law. Bella figured since he moved back home to wait for her to graduate from college that there was no thought. She would move with him. They married soon after the move. They were happy for the first two years. Their marriage was effortless and second nature. Worried that their love life would go down the drain due to Jacob's busy school and work schedule and Bella not being able to find a job, they were surprised how easy their relationship was. Then it happened. Bella found out she was pregnant. Both she and Jacob were over the moon with the news. It seemed like it was the next progression in their long relationship. Godparents were named and the room was painted blue. Little Sean was also nestled in his mother's stomach and moved whenever his father touched her swollen stomach. They couldn't wait to show Sean the world. At almost eight months Bella went for her monthly check up. She was worried because she hadn't felt the baby move in a day or so. The nurse told her that sometimes it was common and calmed her down. Unfortunately Bella's worse fears came true. Little Sean stopped moving around because the umbilical cord had knotted. Immediately Bella had gone to the hospital to deliver her dead son. Jacob had flown from work to be at his wife's side. Once they saw their tiny lifeless son, they both cried for everything that could have been. Their hopes and dreams for the young child were simply gone. After Sean's passing, Bella and Jacob had the support of their friends. Everyone close to them had flown to be with them. Edward, who was her surrogate brother, stayed with her and held her. He and his wife Tanya were there for her as well as Jacob. They took the longest leave from their jobs and stayed the longest to help their friends pick up the pieces of their broken heart. When their house was empty and they were alone, Jacob and Bella felt awkward. They felt like strangers. Often Bella wondered what little Sean would have been like now. She would have a two year old toddler on her hands. Would they have tried for another child? They both always wanted a house full of children. She didn't think that was in her future. After all, she and Jacob barely carried on a conversation let alone spoke about expanding their family. Bella pealed her eyes away from the wedding picture and deep thoughts. She put on her slippers and began to make her way down stairs. She looked in Jacob's office and saw the door opened but he wasn't there. She hoped he didn't have to go back to work. She climbed down the stairs and went back into the kitchen. She began to chop and dice the ingredients for their salad. She had sat the table and was ready to throw the chicken on top of the salad when she heard the screen door open. She looked up and saw Jacob walking in. "Chicken salad for dinner?" he asked. Bella nodded. "Yes. I was hungry and I wanted something quick. Plus didn't you say you had the meeting with the client tonight at eight? I figured you didn't want to fill up on too much before you went to dinner." Jacob felt a pang of guilt ripple through his body. She was still very sweet and courteous to him, especially when he didn't deserve it. "You're right. I had to meet about the Andrews case. You remembered." "There is very little I forget," Bells offered a smile as she looked at her husband. She placed the dinner plates on the table and then the bowl of salad. Looking at her, Jacob sincerely said, "thank you." "Jacob its just dinner, it isn't anything special," Bella said as she grabbed a bottle of red wine and sat down. She poured them both a glass. They sat in silence as they ate. Jacob played with his food before looking at his wife. When she felt his eyes on her, she spoke up. "Jake, is everything all right? You keep looking at me and haven't eaten. What's going on?" Taking a big gulp of wine, Jacob sat up and looked at his wife. His first true love and his first everything. He took a deep breath and began talking. "There is something I need to tell you. Please just listen to me before you say anything. Can you promise me that?" "Of course, what is going on?" "I think you'd agree that things have been torn between us for a while, am I right?" Sipping her wine, she nodded. "I think that is a fair assumption to make, but we try, right? I mean I don't hate you, you don't hate me. We love each other. We-we-we just have a few kinks to work out. Dr. Patterson says-" Jacob stopped her. "Bells, I don't want to talk about your therapy sessions although I'm glad they are helping. We need to talk about us." "What-what about us Jacob?" Bella looked into Jacob's eyes. They were empty. Tears fell from them. "Jake, what is going on here? You're scaring me." "You know I love you right?" He asked crying. Bella reached for his hand and squeezed it with one hand. With her other hand she wiped the tears from his face and held her hand on his skin. "Jacob, baby, what's wrong?" "I just don't want you to hate me. You're my best friend," he cried. "Well whatever it is can't be that bad, can it? I mean it's me, remember? Do you remember when we were kids and we had a fight in the mud and we dragged it all over the Masens' new white carpet and you took the blame for me? Esme didn't kill you then, did she? This can't be that bad." "Its bad Bells, its real bad." "Why don't you let me be the judge and tell me." Jacob took a deep breath. He knew any kind of relationship he had with Bella was about to come to an end. He let go of her hands and sat back in his chair. "I did something bad Bells." "Start from the beginning and just tell me Jake." "I don't know how to tell you this so please just let me tell you without you interrupting me." Jacob paused. "I, well, I started working late and most of the time I really am working. I worked hard and provide for us. I have been ignoring you since Sean's death and I'm sorry. I haven't been a good man or a good husband." "Jacob, there is no time line to when the grieving is over. I'm not over it and for the record you have been a good husband." Jacob scoffed. "No I really haven't. I haven't been a good friend or husband tto you.I left you all those nights I was working. We haven't made love since you were pregnant and it's my fault. I was afraid that you would become pregnant and we'd lose another baby all over again. I know that sounds lame." "It's an honest feeling honey." "Bells-" "No Jacob, I have no reason to be upset by that. We will get back to us when you have worked through your own feelings. I will wait for you. For better or for worse, right?" Jacob stood up and walked to the counter. He turned his back towards Bella. She got up and placed her arms around his waist. "You know if you need to talk to someone I can ask-" "No, no therapy Bella. I'm-it's just that I" Jacob stopped and began to cry again. "I had an affair and she's pregnant." Bella backed away from him and shook her head continuously. "What? What? What do you mean you had an-and she's? What the hell are you talking about Jacob Black? I don't understand." "Bells, I've been having an affair for months, almost six months now. She is pregnant with my baby." Placing her face in her hands, she began to sob. She took a few deep breaths and pulled herself together while Jacob still cried. "You know what Jake, I can forgive you for this. Just call it off. Come to therapy with me. We can work through this. This is something I can't forgive you for overnight for but I will. We will get through this. As for the baby," Bella took a deep breath and crossed her arms as she looked at Jacob who was still crying. "It isn't the child's fault that it was created under the circumstances. There is no reason for me to resent it. I can love it. We can take one of the bedrooms upstairs and make it into a nurs-" In a barely audible whisper Jacob spoke again. "I love her Bella." "Of course you love her, you're her father Jacob. I'm sure I'll love her too. We can work on split custody arrangements and-" "Leah, I love Leah Bells." Bella looked at Jacob wide eyed. The very first friend she made when they moved to Phoenix was Leah Clearwater. Bella had met her at the library. They hit it off and became close friends. Leah volunteered to clean the house after Sean's death. When Leah was laid off of her job almost a year ago, Bella spoke to Jacob about hiring her as his secretary. He was hesitant at first but hired her. "Leah? You got Leah pregnant?" Bella shouted. "You mean my best friend