Author's Note 1: Written for Round 7 of the QLFC Team : Pride of Portree Position : Chaser 2 Chaser 2: Write about a witch or wizard trying to figure out how (one or more) Muggle technology works in an experimental space, i.e. a lab of any kind, and the chaos that ensues. Prompts Used: 5. (phrase) Change the light bulb , 14. (word) Cartoons and 15. (dialogue) "What do you mean, these pictures don't move?" Word Count (excluding Author's Note): 3,000 Poetry in Motion Eileen frowned as she took in the enormous and very odd looking Muggle machinery before her. True, she had seen it once before but that had not prepared her for this— whatever this was supposed to be. Tobias had explained, in great detail, how this aircraft of his—an autogyro—was not just a hybrid between an aeroplane and a whirlybird but something that the aerospace industry would one day allow for personal flights manned by the common Muggle. Eileen doubted that his assurance of it becoming a commuters' plane was correct. The appearance of the craft was even more peculiar now than it had been when it had crashed into Hagrid's poor hut months ago. " How's yer family Eileen?" Hagrid asked as he tried to skip a stone across the peaceful surface of the Black Lake. "Yeh haven't mentioned them at all during tea." Eileen forced her smile to stay in place. "They are doing fine." She relaxed her forced smile into a natural one as she accepted the offered stones for skipping. Hagrid was her longtime friend and former school mate . " Father is still on the Governor's ' Board ; M other is… still herself, and Elizabeth… well, you know Elizabeth. She is still traversing the States on her post-Hogwarts sabbatical , " s he explained as she looked through the stones weighing down her hand . " And how about you?" Eileen sent a polished stone skipping across the tranquil lake. "Hmm?" She hummed. " What are you planning on— " A loud noise prevented him from finishing his question. B oth of them froze and turned back to see some type of aircraft was failing and falling fast out o f the sky . A loud screech preceded the crash as it and its pilot barreled into the modest hut Hagrid called home. T he ground shook and heaved . Eileen was unsure whether it was simply from the downed autogyro alone or from Hagrid as he ran towards his demolished home , but it was a feeling she was sure she would never forget. The Muggle contraption was in pieces in and around the remains of Hagrid's poor hut. It was a miracle that both of them had been taking a friendly stroll by the Black Lake or — she stopped herself from thinking such morbid things as she joined Hagrid by the ruins of the craft and hut. Now was not the time to think about that. She knew all too well what could have been. If the war had taught her anything, it was what happened to those buried under fall en bombs or planes. Hagrid gave a shout as he found the form of the unconscious pilot under a section of thatch ing that used to be the roof. " I think he's alive," Hagrid muttered after pulling the roof off of the man. " He is," Eileen agreed, welcoming the sight of the unknown man's chest rising and lowering . "Is the little fell a alright, then?" Hagrid asked as he poured water onto the rising smoke that was still wafting from the combined wreckage of homestead and plane. She nodded as she continued to check the man for any potentially fatal injuries. "He's still breathing and his pulse is steady. L ooks like his ankle might be broken. Can you fetch Dumbledore and Madam Pomfrey, if she's in?" " Right o! " Ju st as Eileen unlaced his shoes to check his injury more closely, the man stirred and moaned softly before opening his eyes. They were a soft green and were captivating, albeit a little unfocused at the moment. Both Eileen and the man stared into each other's eyes and, for a long moment, neither moved nor said anything. It was like they had fallen under some enchantment that neither dared to break. " A m I dead?" The man finally asked. " No, you're not dead . " Not yet anyway , she silently added before berating herself for the morbid thought. Surely, if he had survived that crash then he would live. Fate and God weren't that cruel. " Then why is an angel staring at me?" he asked , trying to smile before his attempt failed a nd his lips lapsed into a painful grimace. "What happened?" he asked before Eileen could reply to his surprise compliment as he pushed himself up to a sitting position and uttered a painful sob mixed with a humorless laugh at the sight that greeted him. "Damn , that right rotary blade must have finished cracking...t hose were my last three triplets too." Mistaking her for an angel and now nonsensical talk about t riplets and rotary blades ? Clearly this Muggle was severely concussed! "If you could help me up, Miss...?" he trailed off in clear invitation for Eileen to offer her name as he surveyed her form. Definitely not an angel. He silently corrected his previous assessment of the sullen and frail creature before him. " My name is Eileen Prince and the hut you smashed into over there belonged to Hagrid." Eileen offered her hand which was quickly followed by her shoulder as he found that, sure enough, his ankle was busted. His already light complexion paled even more. "I crashed into someone's home?" A t her simple nod of confirmation he quickly scanned the wreckage. "Please tell me it was empty . " "No one was inside. We were just walking — " "Thank goodness. I really didn't want to face the law." H e smirked, "I've found that whenever one deals with magistrates and old wigs that time for inventing and test flying is gravely diminished ." Eileen blinked. Was that supposed to be a joke? He was leaning on her and limping in obvious pain and yet he was joking with her . . . who was this man? "Sir, you haven't given me your name." "Ah, yes my manners must still be in the clouds. The name's Tobias Snape." "Eileen, love, come back down." Eileen blinked and turned to see Tobias in his work tugs roll out from the confines underneath the autogyro. "I've been asking for a wrench for the past minute." Eileen quickly handed him one, ashamed that she had been caught daydreaming. She missed Tobias's smirk. "You weren't perhaps daydreaming about me, were you?" "Of course not!" she quickly defended herself, then walked over to the open cockpit and looked in. Ignoring Tobias's repeated pleas to come back, she picked up a photograph that had been pinned to the windshield. It was a picture of them during their first date. Hagrid had come to stay in the Prince guest cottage located just off the main Hogsmeade estate while his hut was being rebuilt . Eileen had insisted on it. She had already rented a small apartment in London for the duration of her summer internship at the Ministry of Magic. Somehow, Tobias had found out her temporary address and every other weekend would stop by, unannounced, and ask her to go out with him. E ven despite his slight limp, a cane-less Tobias (since he was apparently too stubborn to use one) had been busily trying to court her. S he had no idea why. She was no fool ; s he knew that she would never be considered beautiful, not with her sharp features and eyebrows that refused to stay neat no matter how much she plucked. She was also without any curves or other womanly endowments that one could boast about . Finally, measuring in at five foot eleven didn't help matters either when it came to dating. There weren't many tall wizards or Muggles around. Except for Tobias who's six foot three , an annoying inner voice reminded her as she stacked the now empty tea plates upon one another and vanished them back to the kitchen with a wave of her wand. A knock at her door helped break the almost whimsical daydream that was threatening to overtake her senses. A daydream that starred her fallen pilot and herself. Merlin, she couldn't be falling for him . She didn't have time for a silly infatuation, not with her internship, and definitely not with someone that her family would vehemently forbid her to see. Then again, m aybe she should take him up on one of his requests. Eileen knew all too well that the cold, harsh truth of reality always vanished the warmt h and perfection of fantasies. With a quick series of wand waves and muttered charms her Ministry-approved and Muggle London appropriate dress suit was transformed into a simple, modest evening dress. Something just right for the cinema. "Hello Eileen ! " S peak of the devil himself — Tobias stood in a slightly - too -loose yet not unattractive suit with a bouquet of cut flowers peeking out from where he hid it behind his back. Like always. "Care to go to the cinema with me ? I have an extra ticket..." H e trailed off as he saw her frown turn into a tight smile. "Yes, the theater would be lovely. " S he accepted the flowers and with a discrete wave of her wand sent them into the kitchen where they would also find a half-filled vase to gracefully fall into. "What are you looking at?" Tobias asked as he joined her by the cockpit before seeing the small photograph. "I see that you found my good luck charm." "Why isn't it moving?" "Moving?" Tobias asked, unsure what Eileen was asking. "Yes, moving. We're just standing there." Tobias chuckled. "Of course we are. It isn't a moving picture show." "What do you mean, these pictures don't move?" "Pictures by themselves don't move, love." "But I—" she stopped herself. Maybe this was another of those Muggle things that were different from their Wizarding World counterpart. "Your parents must have had a zoetrope that you played with as a child," Tobias reasoned aloud. "Yes, that must be it." Taking the photograph from her, Tobias carefully put it back. "I'm going back to work. She's almost ready." Eileen smiled as Tobias slid back under his prized autogyro. Her thoughts, however, didn't stay in the present as she remembered how their first night out had gone. She had agreed to go out with him to rid herself of fanciful thoughts by getting to know him better and thus become disappointed when reality didn't match up with fantasy, and to stop him from constantly stopping by with flowers. In the end, it did something unexpected— it marked the start of their whirlwind romance. Eileen ran her hand along the repaired surface of the hybrid plane as she revisited memories of sitting in the cinema, watching the cartoon shorts before the feature film while sharing popcorn and laughter with Tobias. Now, she had seen cartoons before, having sneaked out once with her sister to the local cinema by Diagon Alley after purchasing their school supplies, but that had been years ago during the real threat of invasion by Grindelwald's Army and the Muggle Germans and they hadn't made it past the newsreels and cartoons to the feature film before an air raid had ended their contraband fun. She quietly shook herself from the bad memories of wartime and focused on the here and now. Now she was in a rented hangar with her boyfriend, helping him with tuning up his invention.