A/N: Okay, this is my first fanfiction so I don't really know whether my fanfic is good or not so do excuse me if my story is bad and uninteresting. And I'm an Indonesian so English is not my first language and because of it there might be a misspelled word or bad grammar. If there's any wrong word or grammar please tell me as by writing this story I'm also learning so I'd welcome any critic and advice you give me. Disclaimer : The real Harry Potter is not mine, but this story is mine! Harry Potter and The Time of Changes is mine! And every idea inside this story is also mine, so it is one hundred percent made by me. Summary : The world had once been destroyed, and now it was slowly going to be destroyed for the second time. Many things gone wrong with the world and now the fate of the world is in Harry's hand. Tied with two prophecy, will he be able to save the world? Or will he do the opposite? Follow Harry together with his precious people help saving the world from its evil. Manipulative and evil Dumbledore, and maybe some bashing from some of the Order of Phoenix's members. Good and loyal friends! Secretly Golden and Silver Slythindors trio! Gray bordering dark but still good!Harry. Many OOC Characters! Prologue The End of The Beginning and The Beginning of The End There was a time many hundred thousand years ago when all kind of magic is free to be used whether its light magic, dark magic or even death and soul magic. In those time there was no discrimination among the population, all were equal whether it be Humans, Goblins, Merfolks, and many other creatures. They flourished in everything such as magic, foods, musics, languages, traditions, businesses. It was normal to see Humans drinking with Goblins never minding the difference between their drink as Goblins always like a spicy drink, they were laughing and talking as if they were the best of friend-which they were-, children of many -Drackens, Vampires, Humans, Goblins, and others- were happy playing with each other. The world consist of countries each ruled by different race, among them was The Avalon ruled by Humans, The Ragänôn ruled by Goblins, The Læfonçe ruled by High Elves . Everyone no matter the race were free to go in and out to other countries wherever they wanted to. It was also not uncommon for a marriage between a different races making the children either has magic from both race or whichever parent has the stronger magic. They lived in harmony, The Dwarfs and The Goblins working side to side to make the best buildings and weapons for them to use in case there is a group of bandit who wants nothing but to take the treasures of other people. That is not however to say that everything is save, for no matter how happy, how peaceful it seems, as long as there is power –no matter what kind of power- there will always be a war. A struggle to have the power to rule the world. The jealousy among them, whether it was between a different race or between the same race. And among the crowd of those struggles, there was one thing so foul, a heart so black that it could not be called anything but foul, and from it a disease in form of seed is born. A seed of jealousy, a seed of anger, a seed of hate. It was slowly but surely that The Foul is planting the seed in the mind of many people, pulling a string behind their back, it was filling doubt inside their mind. It took many years, hundreds even –for the thing is semi immortal- but The Foul had succeed. The Goblins and The Dwarfs fighting because the seed is filling each of their heads about how the other is stealing the others material and fighting about which of them is the best. The Humans accusing The Goblins of thievery. The Vampires suddenly became a natural enemy of The Werewolves. The Drackens, The Fairies, and The High Elves began to hate each other caused by belief of superiority. And while the people was in such a wreck, fighting from one war to another war. The foul begin to sway some people, to go to its side and became the very same thing as The Foul. Many children from all races, all age from infancy to age twelve were forcibly taken and brainwashed into a fanatic followers of The Foul. Given power by The Foul that they were stronger than most. It was long, far too long but finally the people began to realize the seed and aware of the existence of The Foul. It was too late though for the thing had took many children and sway many adults and already had an army of its own with the strength beyond the normal. The people did not give up though, they keep trying and trying, keep fighting. And they keep training, forcing themselves to train to the point of exhaustion. For them, it might be true that The Foul is semi immortal, which means the thing would not die of old age or disease, and The Foul's army is stronger than them. But, they have more people, they overwhelm the number of The Foul's army, and weaker they might be they will still fight. And they have the determination to survive this war. It is midnight time in Lænôç, The Capital City of Äbağon, ruled by The Fairies. Even so, the time did not deter people from walking, eating, drinking and doing things whatever they are around the city. Such is the case in one of the pub right in the middle of the city, its called Mègönaþerýæ, famous for its good quality of wine. Many of the veteran of war that was either retired or still fighting to drink in this pub. And so it was not unusual for people of high ranking, either in politics, armies, members to go to this pub with the mean to relax themselves. And right in this night there is a plenty of high ranking members come to drink in this pub. Though for some people it could be as a place for a hidden meeting, as there are rooms that is warded inside the pub. In one of the warded room, a meeting is currently started, "Now, I'm sure you're wondering why I called a meeting here and not in the guild, right?" a goblin, from the look of his clothes inform the fact that he is among the high ranking in the armies, with the usual famous sneer of goblin said to the other people in the room. "Yes, Ñükh Tårgőķ, why have you called us to here? And you have only called for some of us, not all of the member, why have you done it?" a human, probably a middle ranking armies, asked Ñükh Tårgőķ. "Ehm, now, the reason why I call only some of you is because I've found out from my intel that there is a spy of The Įbĺeìň -the name of The Foul's army- among the other members. And all of you who I called here is the only members that I don't see any suspicion" Ñükh Tårgőķ calmly said this to the others. The others were outraged, how could they not known that there is a spy among them, they are the armies they should have noticed it. "What do you mean there's a spy?! Who is it Ñükh Tårgőķ?! Tell us and we shall kill it right now!" a man, probably a werewolf from the fact that his eyes is now glowing gold from rage, shouted to Ñükh Tårgőķ. "Don't be stupid Alphard! We should make a plan first, and this might be a chance for us to capture it and search for a way to kill The Įbĺeìň, and who knows maybe the spy has an information that we should know" said a high elves, with a long black hair, pointy ears and white eyes, from her dark skin gives the fact that she is a wood elves. The others nod in agreement, and seeing this Alphard back off and thought over for a minute, seeing the right in the elves's word. "You're right Ýoģreñ, then we probably should watch the spies movement for now and make a ward to seal off The Įbĺeìň's movement, now the question is who in the name of Fěnrįŕ's name is the spy?!" said Alphard the werewolf, growling in the last question. The others wants to know who the spy is too look in Ñükh Tårgőķ's way and Ñükh Tårgőķ sighed and look apologetic at the human's way, "Well, my Intel have told me that young miss Layra never made home alive". The human gasped and claimed "No way! Layra is dead? But, but, she seems just like the usual, I guess she is dead ever since the battle in The Karăk River isn't she? I'd never thought that The Įbĺeìň could act so much like her! If you hadn't told me this I'd never have known something is different with her now". His eyes show the pain of having one of his people killed and changed into a being like The Įbĺeìň. "We should not be shocked though, it is well know that once changed into The Įbĺeìň, it would received the formers memories, and with the memories it is expected that the thing would be able to act so perfectly as if the real one hasn't died or changed" a dracken woman, with a beautiful blue and green scale in her body said. "Yeah, though I'm worried of telling the others, Layra was one of the best Moon Knight, the older respect her and the younger idolized her, and she has a fiancé, it would hurt him to know that she is dead" the human said solemnly. "Well, that aside, I still would like to know why you only called us if you already know who the spy is Ñükh Tårgőķ" Ýoģreñ asked pointedly to Ñükh Tårgőķ. Ñükh Tårgőķ sneered at her, "Why do you think?" he said. "Just because one spy have been caught doesn't mean there won't be another spy, or are you so arrogant to think of that?" he spat the word. Ýoģreñ narrowed her eyes and said, "Be calm Ñükh Tårgőķ I'm only asking, I know this is frustrating, but don't let it affect your mind!". "You're right, and I'm sorry" Ñükh Tårgőķ said guiltily, he let himself affected by the rage, he should have known better than to let it affected him. Taking a breath and strengthening his occlumency he calmed himself. And so the meeting continued, discussing the plan to take the spy and to use it to research how to kill it. Not only that though, they also talk about other problem like the monies needed by the armies to forge a weapon, and for them to eat. The next graduate students of academy, and how they will be placed in each of their best department. It is 5 a.m. that they finally ended the meeting, all of them, one by one go home until only Ñükh Tårgőķ Ýoģreñ were left. And they decided to go eat together in one of the best restaurant in Lænôç, The Điønýęr, owned by a centuries and half years centaur family. Of course the restaurant is a bit on the side of the city, almost outside as the restaurant. They were halfway eating when a woman, a beautiful fairie woman, with a knee long red hair and silver eyes suddenly raised her head up to the ceiling, her eyes before silver now changed into a glowing white translucent eye and said "And so the world is doom! Destroyed first! And then the world shall come back… it shall be changed ...