Better Then Revenge Ok so here's a fanfic for all the Clato lovers 3 enjoy! Clove's P.O.V Screeching birds jolted me awake early morning. I groaned and rubbed my eyes as I sat up slowly. My body was soaked in a layer of sticky sweat and my hair was glued to the back of my neck. The stupid gamemakers were clearly messing with the temperatures. Last night Cato and I had squeezed into the same sleeping bag and held each other tightly, shaking and shivering in the ridiculous cold, and now it was a billion and a half degrees. The story starts when it was hot And it was Summer Cato, who was still sound asleep, was no longer in my sleeping bag, but lying next to me on the ground, clearly having gotten too hot in the middle of the night to stay in the thick wool. Across from me laid another four sleeping bags; Cato's empty one, Marvel and Peeta's and then Glimmer's that was also empty. With any luck, she'd gone to find water and been swallowed whole by the offspring of a shark and a piranha. I shook Cato to wake him up. Lately I'd noticed that that blonde haired bimbo had been flirting with MY boyfriend way over my tolerance, and so I wanted to at least get a few minutes of alone time in with him just in case the incredibly unfortunate happened and Glimmer returned alive. "Morning gorgeous." Cato mumble sleepily. Gorgeous. Take that Glimmer. I had it all I had him right the way I wanted him Cato tucked a stray piece of my black hair behind my ear and leant in for a kiss, but our lips never touched. "Cato!" Glimmer's excited voice trilled from a few meters away. She appeared from the bushes and into the small clearing where we'd camped out for the night, intent on rising early to continue hunting for Lover Boy's little fire bug. "You were supposed to be guarding us! Where the hell did you go?" I spat, far more annoyed that she wasn't dead then the fact that she'd left us. Glimmer scowled. "Sorry." She said, sounding in no way apologetic. "I only left half an hour ago to help us out. I figured you guys would only be in a light sleep by then." It was only then I noticed all the fresh blood on her trousers. "Oh by the way we're down to the top ten." She announced, then added the snarky remark "you're welcome." She turned her attention to Cato and beamed. "You're coming to help me find food." She demanded playfully, rushing over. Cato willingly gave her his hand and she yanked him off the ground and before I could utter a word of protest she'd dragged him off into the woods. She came along Got him alone and let's do the applause She took him faster than you could say Sabotage I let out a scream of frustration and drove one of the knives from my belt into the tree beside me with great force, startling Peeta awake. I shot him my most threatening death glare and, taking the hint, he made no comment, but instead simply just laid back down and shut his eyes again. I almost wanted to be sick when I thought of how much I'd come to like Glimmer before the arena days. How we'd bonded in the training center by teaching each other skills with weapons and rating the hotness of all the other male tributes, then making a secret pack to make sure all the hottest were killed in the cornucopia so we had no distractions. Having been raised in an abusive orphanage I'd never had a best friend and the only person I'd ever really loved was Cato, so I treasured the idea of having a friendship with Gimmer, even though it would of course only be temporary. Not like I expected her to be the biggest back stabbing bitch on the planet or anything. Now I just wanted to return the favor and stab her in the back. Literally. I never saw it coming Wouldn't have suspected it I underestimated just who I was dealing with Marvel began to stir and when he saw me sitting with steam practically pouring from my ears, he instantly knew what was up. I didn't really know how I felt when it came to Marvel. He was alright, and I guessed the closest thing I had to a friend in this arena. He'd confessed to me that he really liked Glimmer a few nights ago while we were on guard (what the heck he sees in the princess wannabe I'm not sure) and in return I'd confessed how jealous I was getting of all the time Glimmer was spending with Cato, and since then we'd been talking about it whenever we were alone. "She left with him didn't she?" He whispered. "They're finding food." I replied sourly. He nodded and crawled out of his sleeping bag, then sat beside me. "She doesn't even pretend like she's not trying to steal him anymore." I continued, my voice as a bitter as baking powder. "It's like she's trying to hurt me and getting a boyfriend is just a bonus." She had to know the pain was beating on me Like a drum "I know." Was all Marvel said back. "I know." "I want to kill her so badly Marvel." I blurted. "I just want to cut that pretty little blond head of hers right off her oversized shoulders." She underestimated just who she was stealing from Marvel stayed silent and suddenly I felt really bad. I would be absolutely furious if anyone ever said that about Cato, but he was just too nice to say anything. "Sorry." I mumbled quickly. "That was out of line." "Don't worry about it." Marvel assured. "You've got a right to be mad." "I just don't know how Cato is so blind to what she's doing." I went on, unable to stop the stream of furious words spilling from my mouth. "How can why guy be so oblivious? Clearly she's flirting with him but he doesn't even say anything to her!" Again, there was silence. "Maybe he's trying to move on from me so he's not as heartbroken if I die." I finally dared to say the terrifying thought that had crossed my mind multiple times out loud. "Cato would never do that. He cares about you way too much." He tried to reassure. We were stopped silent by the sound of the pair returning, Glimmer proudly dangling a squirrel from her stupidly gorgeous slim fingers. "Whose hungry?" She giggled. "This girl's amazing with a bow and arrow!" Cato praised. "Shot the squirrel dead without even trying." She's not a saint And she's not what you think She's an actress "Damn what would the Careers be without you?" Marvel laughed. "Probably a lot less infuriated." I muttered, though only loud enough to for Marvel to hear. "Probably a lot less entertaining." Glimmer proclaimed, then followed it up with her high pitch annoying as all bloody hell giggle. "Entertaining huh?" Cato smirked. "Oh yeah." Glimmer tossed one of her bleach blonde plaits over her shoulder. "Stick around, there's going to be a strip show tonight if you behave." And she's better known For the things that she does On the mattress Oh whoa And when this made Cato's smirk widen, I seriously considered slapping the shit out of him right there and then. "Oi Lover Boy!" Marvel shouted, changing the subject, probably because he could sense how close I was to stabbing my boyfriend, and probably because the idea of Glimmer putting on a strip show for Cato was as upsetting for him as it was for me. Peeta sat straight up at his cry. "Let's move." Cato latched on. "We're going to find your girlfriend." Wordlessly, we all stood up and began following Cato and Glimmer –ugh, just their names in the same sentence is wrong- who were taking the lead. In one hand Glimmer was still clutching the squirrel and her other hand was 'accidentally' brushing up against Cato's, kissing his fingertips with hers. Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground Won't make you many friends Marvel and I were in our own personal bubble, in a space that if we whispered we couldn't be overheard by Peeta who was lagging way behind or the lovebirds who were laughing and giggling way in front. "The Capitol must be eating this so badly." Marvel sounded fairly pissed off. "This stupid love square or whatever." "I know." I muttered back. And then I bit my tongue, to keep myself from adding "but I guess it would be okay if they perhaps started the whole Team Clove and Team Glimmer thing, because hopefully the people on my team will help my kill that stupid bitch." She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better than revenge As we crossed into a clearing we came across a murky lake, and my heart almost stopped from overwhelming surprise. There, in the heart of the cloudy water, was the girl on fire. Her eyes flickered with alarm on sight of us and she made a desperate scramble for the muddy bank. "YES!" Glimmer screamed at the top of her lungs. We all took off at once, kicking up mud and dirt as we raced around the lake to the woods that Katniss had finally managed to drag herself into. "She's mine!" Glimmer shouted as we chased after her, winding through the trees and leaping over fallen logs. Over my dead body bitch. "She's mine!" She cried a second time. "I'm killing her." About 200 meters in front of us Katniss was expertly scurrying up a tree to what she presumed to be safety. We gathered around the base of tree trunk, Cato with his sword threateningly raised. "Actually Cato should do the honors." Glimmer flirtatiously batted her eyelids at him. "Thanks Glim." Cato looked genuinely grateful. Glim? Did I miss something here? He has a freaking pet name for her? Cato took a firm hold of the circular tree trunk and hoisted himself up, climbing the tree just as fast as Katniss but with much less grace. "Yay go Cato!" Glimmer squealed, clapping her hands. She looks at life likes it a party And she's on the list Great, now we have a cheerleader. Glimmer looked over her shoulder at me and scowled, and my heart sunk just as it did every time looked at the District One female up close. She had beautiful wavy blonde hair and bursting blue eyes, flawless skin and a body of perfection. I was short, with stubby black hair and freckles, dull colored eyes and a much less than perfect physic. You didn't really have to be a rocket scientist to figure out which one of us guys would be more attracted to. "Move sweetie." She demanded, practically shoving me. At the age of fifteen Glimmer was only a year older than me, but she treated me like a four year old, clearly trying to emphasis to sixteen year old Cato that she was closer to his age. She looks at me Like I'm a trend And she's so over it I focused my attention up to Cato, who was bouncing from branch to branch. Unfortunately, tiny, light weighed Katniss was also moving up and she was at about the fifty meter point pretty soon, glaring at Cato with a smirk, who was hanging around the thirty meter point. "I can't go any further!" He yelled to us. "The branches are thinning out and they aren't going to support my weight." Glimmer's face washed back over into that ever so pleasant scowl. I think her ever present frown As a little troubling "For god sake." She muttered, dropping the squirrel,