AN- Hey! This is for Hogwarts Birthday:Piñata Challenge (Wolfstar Piñata)! Disclaimer- I don't own Harry Potter. Words without AN- 3938 "Have a good day!" He heard Ollivander say as the last of his customers left. It was almost lunch time, but he was so engrossed in checking inventory he hadn't even realized till Ollivander told him to take a break. He had simply shaken his head and kept checking boxes. Half an hour later, Remus looked up from the wand he was re-packaging when he heard the door open to the shop. A bell jingled delicately and he smiled, for it had been his idea to place it there. Of course, only he and Ollivander could hear the bell, and see it, for it added more mystery to the shop in the eyes of the customer if they thought the two wand-makers magically knew they were there. He looked over at the older wizard, as the two of them were in the back of the store checking inventory, and Ollivander gave him a small nod. "You can have this one, Mister Lupin." "How many times have I told you to call me Remus?" He smiled nonetheless and walked to the front of the shop. There, waiting patiently, was a man who looked very familiar. "Sirius! What can I help you with? Any wand problems you've been having?" "Um… No, actually I came for... You?" He inspected him closely. When his brown eyes met Sirius' grey ones he quickly looked away. His eyes were captivating but Remus couldn't be caught staring. How embarrassing would that be? He'd most likely take a lunch break just to get out of the awkward situation. Luckily, he didn't seem to notice. Or if he did, he didn't let on. Remus looked to see he was wearing expensive looking clothes, business clothes that is, and he sighed. He looked like he was rather busy before he stumbled upon the wand shop. He wondered why Sirius was there at all. He looked rather nervous to see him so he deduced it might have actually been to talk to him. Bloody hell, he needed to stop daydreaming. The man in front of him likely thought he was crazy at this point, still just standing there silently, thinking of something that wasn't even important! He looked back at the man and tried to remain calm or he'd scare him off all together. He didn't seem unhappy to see him, just surprised. He had a slight stubble, though it seemed to be on purpose, not for lack of proper care. His hair was dark and sholder-length. Sirius looked rather normal really. He had a natural tan—most witches and wizards that were tan had simply cast a spell, and while they looked natural enough, you could generally tell they weren't. He was rather handsome, Remus admitted grudgingly. Of course, people were allowed to look however they pleased, they had magic after all. But he seemed to not need it! Remus himself spent time every morning placing glamour charms on his face to help him look less tired from the full moon. But he looked like he didn't work hard at all! He was very muscular too, not bulky like bodybuilders, but athletic. "Shit, Sirius? I haven't seen you since- Oh Merlin , I'm not supposed to curse in the store... Yes, I-" "Ha, for a second there I thought your eyes would burst from the level of concentration you had. Glad to know you at least remembered who I am…" He extended a hand out in greeting, a small smile on his face. "It's good to see you again," he responded, with a large grin. Remus looked at his extended hand and hesitated... Did he remember Remus was a werewolf? Finally, he stuck out his hand and shook Sirius', his face growing warm from the contact. Retracting his hand, he laughed at himself. He was acting like a schoolgirl with a crush! How ridiculous! "Erm..." He paused, unsure. Remus had originally not wanted lunch, it being what he considered a waste of time, but he felt the need to catch up with Sirius. "I was actually about to head out for lunch... If you wanted to join me? I mean, you don't have to by any means. I mean, you look like you're busy so I'll just... Erm... Go. On my own, that is." Remus turned quickly, picking up his jacket, before making his way to the door. "Unless you're not? Busy, that is?" "Um, sure," Sirius replied. "Sure I'd like to join. I haven't seen a you or James or Peter in what feels like forever. It would be cool to catch up to what's been going on over the years." When he gave Remus a small smile, he smiled back by instinct. Something about Sirius just made him smile. He had noticed his hesitation at first, not that he didn't want to go out for lunch with him per say, but just going out with general. Maybe he didn't want to be approached by Death Eaters? But he'd agreed in the end, something that made Remus happy. Unusually happy at that. Ever since he graduated from Hogwarts, the happiness had slowly faded from him, and his transformations plagued his dreams and made them nightmares. Snapping himself out of his thoughts, Remus grinned at Sirius and opened the door, ready to leave the shop, the jingling of the bells lost on him. "Well I can tell you right now, not a lot has happened since you graduated." He noticed the faraway look in Sirius' eyes before he noticed the distance between the two of them decrease tremendously. He stood there, in the doorway of Ollivander's , without the slightest idea as to what was wrong with him. He almost felt giddy at the thought of having lunch with Sirius, and before he really knew what he was doing, Remus was looking at him. It was different than before, somehow. Before, you could say he was scrutinizing him, but it seemed as though Remus was suddenly memorizing his every feature. It was odd, he thought. The moment they shook hands he never wanted to let go. Sirius was staring at him, he ascertained, but Remus wasn't bothered. He rather liked the attention Sirius was giving him, which was very odd to say the least, seeing as he wasn't one for attention. No, this time he wasn't analyzing Sirius. He was seeing him. Surely they wouldn't stand in the doorway forever? His mind raced. While it wouldn't be a terrible thing, he actually was getting rather hungry. Remus watched him for a second and saw him blush suddenly and look away. It was sort of cute in a way, but not puppy cute. Sirius was a man and he doubted that it would be taken as a compliment. No, it was a surprising thing he discovered, but unfortunately didn't get to think on more as he spoke, "Sorry, can you repeat that?" Could he? Remus didn't exactly remember what he'd said, though it was only a moment ago, and suddenly had a thought. He couldn't leave with his work clothes still on! "Nothing, I think." He said faintly, a little breathless. Remus cleared his throat. "Erm... I-I'll be right back," he mumbled, before heading to the back and taking off his robes. Underneath was a simple maroon t-shirt with mini moons patterned across the top half. The bottom half of the shirt was a simple black. "So you are going out to lunch?" Ollivander asked from behind him as he set down his folded robe. "Yes. I suppose I am." Remus checked one last time to make sure his wand was in his jacket pocket and smiled at the old wand maker. "We'll be back in an hour." "Make it two." Remus grinned at Ollivander and walked back to the front of the shop. "Ready when you are." "Excuse me Moony, I'm not sure you're in the right place. The 'Hottest Werewolf' contest is over there..." He quipped, gesturing behind him, a cheesy smile on his face. "Oh, shut up, Padfoot!" He smiled back, just as cheesy. "Besides, when the 'Hottest Werewolf' committee called me a minute ago, I told them I had a lunch date to go to and, unfortunately , wouldn't be able to make it." "I'm flattered to learn that you chose me over 'Hottest Werewolf'. I—wait, did you just call this a date?" Sirius queried with a mock look of horror on his face. He made a choking, hacking sound as if repulsed by the very idea. "What love potion did someone slip into your drink to get a stand-up guy such as yourself to go out with the school player?" He flashed Remus a mischievous grin to show that he was joking as he opened the door wider to allow for him to step through. Remus laughed, something he hadn't done in months. The highlight of his days were usually getting to see oncoming first years get their wand for the first time. He could tell today would be different. "We're not in school anymore." Remus' heart beat faster as he got closer to Sirius but he just squeezed past and exited the shop. Outside, the street was full of people bustling around, very likely on their lunch breaks. There was a group of teenagers across the street at Florean Fortescue's Ice-Cream Parlour , getting ice creams. Well, 'across the street' was a stretch. Ollivander's was on the South Side of Diagon Alley and Fortescue's was on the North Side. But Remus could still see the ice cream shop from where he stood and smiled. Glancing back over his shoulder, he gave Sirius a wave his hand, signaling for him to follow. "Does the Leaky Cauldron sound okay? It's walking distance and the food isn't terrible... Besides, I have to stop by Sugarplum's Sweets Shop for some Chocolate Frogs and Cauldron Cakes, and it's on the way." "Sounds good, haven't had food there in years. I've missed Tom's cooking." Remus began walking slowly away from the door but turned back to look at Sirius. "Well? Are you coming, or not?" "Sorry, got distracted for a second there," he replied with an apologetic smile, walking up to Remus and holding an arm out for him own to loop around. "Really though, I stand uncorrected, you really do look hot. And seeing as this is a date..." "Thanks," he blushed. "And yes, I did call it a date, but you didn't need to sound so revolted!" Remus laughed again and grabbed his hand, arm in arm was too formal and they'd stand out like a sore thumb, as if two men hand-in-hand wasn't enough. "Erm, is this okay? I feel like you don't want to stand out too much with... Everything that's been going on, you know?" He looked down at their hands and smiled. His hand seemed to fit perfectly with Remus', like pieces of a puzzle or something cliche like that. His hand was warm and calloused, likely from all the Quidditch he played back at Hogwarts, or even from dueling if he remembered correctly. Remus' fingers were rather long and thin, nothing extraordinary, rather like a pianist's fingers and didn't have much callouses. With their fingers intertwined, he felt warm and fuzzy inside and quickly let go. "S-Sorry... I should've asked if you were... Comfortable with that. Sorry..." Remus looked up at him and his heart skipped a beat when Sirius' grey eyes met his. He couldn't look away and found himself getting lost in them. Snapping himself out of it before he could do something stupid, Remus looked at his feet and mumbled, "Sorry..." "No… It's… Fine. Really." Remus kept his face hidden but smiled slightly, relieved he hadn't ruined everything before it properly began. He really hoped that Sirius felt the same way about him, but it seemed to be too obvious to hide,