Title: Rite Of Passage Author: Laurelin Rating: PG Disclaimer: Tolkien owns, I respectfully borrow, and I don't get a penny for my efforts. Warnings: Some mildly disturbing imagery Cast: Haldir/OFC, Thranduil, OC's Note: This short piece takes place after the events described in Growing Pains . It was inspired by a conversation I had with my friend Ebe. Check my profile to see her gorgeous fan art! Summary: Not all who venture into Mirkwood come back out. Those who do, may just have a scar or trophy to show for it. x Often, as he came and went, he would stop short at the sight of a girl from Nonacris, feeling the fire take in the very marrow of his bones. She was not one to spin soft wool or play with her hair. A clasp fastened her tunic, and a white ribbon held back her loose tresses. Dressed like this, with a spear or a bow in her hand, she was one of Diana's companions. No nymph who roamed Maenalus was dearer to Trivia, goddess of the crossways, than she, Callisto, was. ~ Jupiter sees Callisto (Ovid's 'The Metamorphoses', Book II), transl. by A.S. Kline x Immortality. There was a reason some called it the 'curse of elvenkind', because for those who neither age nor die of illness, nothing is easier than to become indifferent to the turning of the centuries, to take for granted all that makes them enviable and privileged in the eyes of the ailing and the elderly. Haldir, too, had been guilty of this nonchalance. He was by no means ignorant about the possibility of death – he stared it in the face often enough – but he had unconsciously adopted the habit of delaying important decisions, telling himself that like a fine wine, all life's changes should have time to ripen and mature. Why hasten to change the status quo? He was happy, perfectly content to continue floating in that bubble of ignorance and bliss that had been his constant companion since Love's arrow struck his heart so unexpectedly, almost fifty years ago. And so he probably would have remained for some time, had not a chance encounter in Mirkwood reminded him acutely that being immortal was never an excuse not to live in the now. Over the past decades, Filanna had journeyed to Mirkwood regularly to visit her family, and although it wasn't possible for Haldir to get a leave of absence every time, he tried to go with her as often as he could. He felt no guilt about that; his loyalty to Lórien had long been absolute, and it had defined him since the very day he had earned the right to wear the grey of the wardens, but falling in love had changed his priorities. His days of living the bachelor's life were over; he had Filanna's needs to consider now, and she was an elleth with a strong attachment to her family, who happened to live in a different corner of Middle-earth. He was deeply grateful for the Lord and Lady's understanding in this matter, for even if he himself could not be spared at the fences, they were always willing to grant Rúmil or Orophin leave instead. Knowing her to be travelling in the company of one of his brothers assuaged his concerns about her safety, yet he spent those weeks without her in a constant state of waiting, on his guard, as though bad news was just around the corner. However he took care not to lend voice to these gloomy thoughts, knowing that his fretting would irritate her. She was no bird to be caged, even if that cage was meant to keep her safe. This time they were travelling together, and it was a smooth and uneventful journey, until they discovered to their dismay that recent rainfalls had washed away a sizeable portion of the main road to Thranduil's halls. They were thus forced to take a different route, which led them through a part of the forest that was darker and more hostile than what they were used to, and they had to lead their skittish horses by the rein to keep them from bolting. The nervousness of the sensitive animals had made Haldir extremely wary, and he was loath to leave Filanna out of his sight even for a second, but at a certain point she put her foot down and demanded a moment's privacy to answer nature's call, stating that she couldn't manage it with him watching. Had he forgotten that these were the woods she had grown up in, and that she was no helpless damsel in need of constant protection? The tone of her voice told him that protest would be futile, so he let her go, albeit with great reluctance and a heavy heart. A few minutes later, a sudden clamor tore the silence in the woods to shreds- the sound of branches snapping, a hiss and a blood-curdling scream, followed by a heavy weight hitting the ground. It prompted a number of startled black crows to take flight, squawking loudly as if in warning. As terror struck his heart, Haldir reacted immediately; running in the direction from which the noise had come, his sword drawn, he could barely suppress the urge to call out her name, afraid to hear the panic in his own voice. It was a short sprint, although fear made every stride seem like a thousand, and the sight that greeted him was of Filanna pressing herself against a gnarly tree as though seeking its protection, alive and apparently unharmed. Approximately forty feet from where she stood a giant spider lay on the ground, its hairy limbs twitching in morbid spasms of death until they curled up and grew still. From the black body protruded the shaft of a single arrow, which must have killed the beast at once. It was a far-flying, white-feathered arrow of the Galadhrim, but it wasn't one of Haldir's. It was of the slightly shorter and lighter variety that Filanna preferred. Filanna turned to him, looking shaken – she had never shot to kill before – but even in this moment she managed to sound snooty when she said, "Do you now believe that I can look after myself?" "You were lucky there was only one." Now that he knew her to be safe and well, he felt a brief surge of irrational anger toward her, causing his words to come out more sharply than intended. "I should have insisted you stay by my side. If you weren't so damn proud-" "I will not squat and empty my bladder in front of you!" she shot back. Regardless of how often she scorned her royal blood, Filanna did occasionally exhibit what Haldir teasingly referred to as 'princess behaviour', and it was so typical of her to defy him at a time like this. Relief suddenly took over, and he laughed and hugged her, hugged her tight. She did not resist, and he felt her trembling body gradually relax against his, but after the passing of a few moments she drew back slightly to meet his gaze. "Your heart is pounding," she stated in a much softer tone, reaching up to gently stroke one side of his face. "You were really frightened." "Have I no right to be?" He glanced at the dead spider, which was roughly the size of a fully grown wild boar and probably just as strong. "Filanna, I shudder to think of what might have happened if you were any less skilled with bow and arrow." "I didn't even hesitate," she said, sounding surprised at her own feat. "I couldn't afford to, it moved so quickly. I had only time for one shot." "And you made it count." Haldir felt, however inappropriately, pride welling up inside him. "Forgive me if you find my concern for your safety stifling, sweet one, but your continued well-being is a great priority of mine, and this incident has not endeared me to these surroundings at all. Let's keep going swiftly while we still have daylight." "Can we take the spider with us?" she asked keenly. "We should have it preserved and mounted to the wall, as a testimony to my rite of passage." His face must have spoken volumes at that point, because she started laughing. "Oh, love, you are so gullible at times. Obviously I was joking. Although I have to say, I wish I could at least take home some proof. My brothers, skeptics that they are, will never believe the story without solid evidence." Haldir smiled in spite of himself, shaking his head as he gazed at the odd, beautiful creature he held in his arms. He opened his mouth and heard himself say, "I suppose we can take the arrow and one of the fangs. Will that suffice?" Her face brightened, and she gave him a smile before planting a surprisingly gentle kiss on his mouth. "See, this is why I never need reminding why I love you." He sighed and kissed her back as he pulled her against him once more, just to savour the familiar feel and warmth of her body for a few moments longer. "I just can't seem to help myself." Upon reaching the King's halls later that day, they were greeted by Ameria and Orophel, who were playing a game of crocket in the palace gardens. Orophel saw them first and came at that them at a run, his dark hair swaying across his slim shoulders. He was a spirited lad, and the conclusion Thranduil had drawn shortly after Orophel's birth – that the youngest prince took after Filanna – had proven to be prophetic indeed. It came as no surprise that the two siblings got along splendidly, and the lad was duly impressed when Filanna showed him the spider fang, asking her immediately if he could hold it. Ameria could not suppress a scowl of disgust when she saw Filanna's trophy, but she too embraced her sister affectionately. Their relationship, which had been strained in the past, had greatly improved since they no longer lived under the same roof. "Has Orophin not come?" Orophel asked with noticeable disappointment. Haldir's youngest brother, after whom he was partly named, was a particular favorite of his. "Orophel, remember your manners," Ameria said sternly. "Greet Haldir properly, as you were taught to do. To disregard him and ask for his brother is very impolite." "Don't worry, Ameria," Haldir said lightly. "My feelings are not that easily hurt, and Orophin's popularity is nothing new. He wasn't able to join us this time, unfortunately, but he sends his warm greetings to all, especially you, Orophel." Orophel blushed slightly, his green eyes – an inheritance from his royal sire – filling with repentance. "I am sorry, Haldir. Of course I am glad to see you. Will you play croquet with us? I have beaten Ameria already a dozen times." "I would enjoy the challenge, young one, but it will have to wait," Haldir replied kindly. "Your sister and I must first pay our respects to your parents and the rest of the family, which, if past experiences are anything to go by, will not be a short affair." Orophel nodded in understanding and looked at the spider fang, which he still held reverently in his hands. "May I keep this, Filanna? Please?" "Yes, you can have it once I'm done showing it to the others." Filanna winked at Haldir. "I don't think Haldir would be too happy with me if I brought it into our home. He puts up with so much already." "Very true," Haldir teased back. "One of these days I am going to trade you in for an elleth who can actually cook." "Indeed?" Filanna, who didn't seem fazed in the least, smiled sweetly. "Well, don't look to Ameria. Those delicate little hands of hers have never picked up a spatula either." Ameria smirked in good