Title: Growing Pains Author: Laurelin Rating: R Disclaimer: Tolkien owns, I respectfully borrow, and I don't get a penny for my efforts. Warnings: AU. Romance of the m/f variety, some content not suitable for minors. Cast: Haldir/OFC, Rúmil, Orophin, Thranduil, Legolas, Celeborn, Galadriel, OCs. Betas: Jilly, Julie (chapters 1-18, later chapters unbeta'd) Summary: Filanna is not at all happy when she has to leave her beloved Mirkwood and visit Lothlórien with her father and brother, but she soon realizes that her meeting with the Galadhrim will have a greater impact on her life than she had bargained for. x Behold: a slender arrow sticks fast in my heart, and cruel Love lives there, in my conquered breast. Shall I surrender? To go down fighting might bank the fires. I give in! The burden that's carried with grace is lighter. I've seen the torch that's swung about grow brighter and the still one, on the contrary, quenched. (...) Look I confess! Cupid, I'm your latest prize: stretching out conquered arms towards your justice. ~ Elegy II: Love's Victim (Ovid's 'Amores', Book I), transl. from Latin by A.S. Kline x Lórien, April Suddenly, from one moment to the next, there they were. Even though her Ada had prepared her for it, their appearance took Filanna by surprise. She had never visited Lórien before, but she had heard stories being told about the valiant wardens of the border, who knew the skill of camouflage like no other and could pass through a forest without being seen or heard. Now, as if to demonstrate that renowned stealth, they suddenly materialized from between the trees right in front of her party, which consisted of herself, her father and brother, and their armed escort of Mirkwood warriors. The wardens were without exception tall, muscular and handsome, but it was the colour of their hair that caught Filanna's attention above all. Whereas in Mirkwood the warmer shades of blond were prevalent, these elves had hair that shimmered pale as mithril. Just like Celeborn's, she thought. The Lord of the Galadhrim had visited Mirkwood once during her life, and although she remembered him only vaguely, she did recall how intrigued she had been by his silver, near-white tresses. The wardens that had appeared looked at the group of riders with kindness and mild curiosity, their bows resting idly in their hands. Even though Filanna and her companions were riding with their hoods up, their clothing and bearing betrayed their elven identities, and the Galadhrim would not deny their kinsmen passage into the Golden Wood. One of the wardens stepped forward and spoke. "Hail, friends! You wear the colours of Mirkwood, but who are you and what brings you to fair Lothlórien?" He spoke Sindarin, but with a slight, lilting accent that betrayed his Lórien tongue and sounded quite pleasant. Filanna's father reached up and lifted the hood away from his head, revealing his golden mane and the strong, handsome features of his face. "I am Thranduil," he said. "Your Lord and Lady know of our coming." The wardens bowed, greeting the Mirkwood King with due respect. "I am accompanied," Thranduil continued, "by my eldest son, Rínion..." – the elf beside him pulled his hood back as well, revealing noble features that were strikingly similar to the King's – "... and by Filanna, my youngest daughter." The leader of the wardens bowed his head for Filanna's brother and then looked up at the King uncertainly, one elegant eyebrow slightly arched in puzzlement. There was a silence, and Thranduil glanced at his daughter, whose face was still obscured by the hood. "Filanna?" She did not hear him. Her eyes had fallen on the longbow the foremost Galadhel held in his hand, and the beauty of it held her so enthralled that she had stopped paying attention to the conversation. It was a mighty weapon, tall and well-crafted, and clearly much heavier than her own slender bow. The wooden surface had a polished shine and her fingers itched to touch it, although she did not fool herself into believing that she would actually be able to handle such a weapon. The process of lifting the bow, pulling back the string, aiming and releasing properly would take more muscular strength than she would ever possess. It was a frustrating thought. When finally she realized that her father was trying to get her attention, she felt embarrassed for having been caught in a daydream in the presence of at least a dozen of Lórien's finest warriors. "Yes, Father?" she said guiltily, looking up to meet his eyes. "Take off your hood, muin-iell. Show yourself to our friends the Galadhrim." She did as he asked, braving the wardens' surprised stares a few short moments before casting her eyes down uneasily. They had without a doubt mistaken her for just another warrior of the King's guard, or for a second son at best. How could they have guessed that it was in fact a princess hiding under that cowl? She hardly looked the part, dressed in a tunic, leggings and boots, armed with bow and quiver and wearing her hair in a sober, single braid. Her masculine riding style made the illusion complete. Her identity was such a shock to the wardens that they forgot to greet her properly. Instead, they just stared at her. "My daughter Filanna," Thranduil repeated. Recovering, the foremost elf bowed his head slightly. "Well met, Your Highness," he said, and the others murmured similar greetings. Filanna stared at her own fingers as they fumbled with strands of her horse's mane, wishing with all her heart that she were somewhere else. Oh, she hated this, she really did! Once she was back in Mirkwood, she would kill Ameria. And Saelwen and Dineth as well. She would kill all three of her sisters for making their father believe that taking her on this trip to Lothlórien was a good idea. Oh yes. She would kill them. "You are going to love the Golden Wood, sister," Dineth had enthused. "It is such a beautiful place!" "The Galadhrim are very hospitable and interesting," Saelwen, the eldest sister, added. "And the males are handsome!" This from Ameria, the youngest of the three, who looked up at the sky with an expression of sheer bliss, her hands clasped together under her chin. "Especially the warriors. Handsome and strong and... able." The three of them had gone into a fit of conspiratorial giggling then, and Filanna had mentally yawned. Such silly creatures, those sisters of hers. Thought of nothing but gowns and males, males and gowns, and occasionally of the children they hoped to bear their future husbands someday. She wanted other things. And quite frankly, hanging around in Lothlórien while her father and eldest brother discussed politics with Celeborn and Galadriel was not even near the top of her list. This trip to Lothlórien had come up two months earlier, when the entire family was gathered round the dinner table one evening. Her father, who corresponded with Celeborn and Galadriel on a regular basis, had set a date for his next visit to the Golden Wood, and it went without saying that Rínion would go as well. As his father's heir, who had been prepared for the throne ever since he was a child, he accompanied the King on many of his travels. And all of a sudden Ameria had said, "Why do you not take Filanna with you as well, Ada? She is old enough and has never been outside of Mirkwood. It would be a wonderful experience for her." To Filanna's horror, her parents had actually liked the idea, and although she hadn't had the heart to protest, she had made no effort to conceal her lack of enthusiasm either. But apparently her opinion was irrelevant. All seemed convinced that this trip was exactly what she wanted. Even her mother had not understood her unwillingness. Instead, Queen Aeriel had done her best to try and make her youngest daughter see that it was a golden opportunity to expand her view and learn more about one of the other elven cultures, even make new friends. Filanna had listened silently, not believing even for one second that she would truly make friends in that strange and distant realm. Her shy nature was far too great an obstacle. She didn't even have real friends in Mirkwood, but what did it matter? The company of her family and animals was enough. In the end, the only real comfort had come from the youngest of her brothers, as always. Legolas understood her better than anyone, and while she adored her parents and loved all her brothers and sisters, there was a special place in her heart for Legolas. Born less than thirty years apart, they had been playmates in their youth, and as adults they were still very close, even though Legolas was a warrior and therefore often away, in the field with his company. While she, on the contrary, was supposed to stay at home, behave like a lady of the court and do meaningless things like attending balls and teas, making embroideries and discussing with the other ladies the merits of whatever eligible bachelor had caught their eye this time. Her sisters were naturals, fulfilled that role with grace, but not Filanna. She disliked social occasions in general, had never really learned to handle a needle, and males did not interest her. And the latter sentiment, fortunately, seemed to be mutual. At least no one had ever made an effort to pursue her. "Cheer up already," Legolas had said, embracing her. "I am sure it won't be as horrible an experience as you think." "Perhaps, but I wish you could come too," she pouted. "So do I. But you must promise me that you won't spend your time there sulking around." His blue eyes gleamed with amusement. "It is a wonderful place... with lots of tall trees for you to climb, Filly." "Do not call me that," she chided him, but she said it with a little laugh. It had always been his pet name for her and he was one of the very few allowed to use it. "And how would you know these things? You have never been to Lórien either." "All the more reason for you to take a good look around and tell me all about it when you return. There, how is that for an agreement. Do I have your word on it?" She had sighed and made the promise, albeit reluctantly. And now, sitting astride her horse, she sighed again. All this would have been perfectly bearable if only Legolas could have come with them and kept her company. "Welcome to Lórien," said the Galadhel who had led the conversation so far. "My name is Rúmil. Since you are expected by the Lord and Lady, we will not detain you further. My brother Orophin will ride with you to Caras Galadhon and lead you before Celeborn and Galadriel." One of the wardens bowed and disappeared between the trees, to fetch a horse most likely. Thranduil and Rúmil conversed for a few minutes until the one called Orophin returned, leading a horse by the rein. He mounted it in one fluent motion, indicating that he was ready to depart. With the last parting greetings, the Mirkwood elves took their leave of the wardens and followed Orophin deeper into the forest. Filanna guided her horse to walk beside her father's. "Why do we need an escort, Ada?" she asked him quietly. "Can we not find the way to Caras Galadhon by ourselves?" Thranduil smiled. "I am sure we could, but the company of one of the border wardens ensures us a swift and smooth passage. No other patrols will stop us when they see that we are escorted by Orophin, so there will be no more delays. We will reach Caras Galadhon before the sun sets, pen tithen. Are you excited?" She smiled