Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks are two of my favorite characters from the Harry Potter series. With Tonks' colorful personality and Remus' quiet gentlemanly ways in mind, I decided to take their characters and add to their story. This is a story about falling in love and finding friendship. It will span the entire length of Order of the Phoenix. With a soft pop of Apparition, Nymphadora Tonks landed first on her feet and then quickly fell to her bottom in her parents' back garden. She carefully stood, dusting off her robes. Mumbling under her breath about two left feet tangling her landing, she headed toward the back door of her childhood home. Tonks—most everyone she knew called her Tonks as very few individuals were granted the permission of using her given name Nymphadora—pushed open the door and delighted in the reassuring familiarity of the home. It was a wonderful feeling of relief to be standing in a place of absolute comfort after the strain of the events in the past couple of weeks, today itself being no exception. The Triwizard Tournament finished at Hogwarts at the end of the previous month, leaving most of the wizarding world confused and unsure of whose version of events to believe. According to Albus Dumbledore and Harry Potter, Voldemort had come back to his full body and power during the third task of the Tournament. According to Cornelius Fudge, Minister for Magic, Albus Dumbledore and Harry Potter were dangerous and not to be trusted, concocting stories of absolute untruths in order to further their own ends. The odd vehemence behind the statement the Minister for Magic released to the Auror office after the tournament concluded gave Tonks the feeling that Fudge was the one not to be trusted. Also weighing on Tonks' mind was the fact that her friend and mentor Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody was just found to have been locked in his own trunk for ten months by escaped Death Eater Barty Crouch Jr. Fudge's assurances that Crouch was working on his own accord did not sit well with her. And what about the business about the Ministry employee Bertha Jorkins who went missing, but nobody seemed to want to truly investigate? These things together with the smear campaign the Daily Prophet was enthusiastically promoting since the tournament ended made Tonks feel like there was much more to the situation than Fudge wanted to acknowledge. Tonks looked around the tidy kitchen and smiled. It felt good to be home. She found herself hopeful that her mother would serve her tea and help her think through the things weighing on her mind. The familiar things in the home eased her spirit; the kettle set upon the cooker and her father's music playing from his study. Due to her father thoroughly educating Tonks on the virtues of Muggle music, she could recognize The Beatles playing today. She felt instantly glad for her decision to pop in for a visit. She knew her parents would be expecting her as she had send her mum an owl earlier in the day saying she would be stopping by after she finished work. Tonks decided to look around the house for her parents, but before she could really begin her search, her mother came from the sitting room into the kitchen. "Ah, Nymphadora, I thought I heard the backdoor open." Andromeda strode toward her, wrapped her in a hug, and then held her at arm's length to get a look at her daughter. "Honestly, Nymphadora, is this considered appropriate attire for work?" Tonks looked down at her outfit for the day: A Weird Sisters concert tee, blue jeans that were fraying at the knees, and her black combat boots topped by her standard issue navy blue Auror robes. Of course, being a Metamorphagus and being able to change her appearance at will, her hair was usually anything other than what most considered work appropriate. Today, for instance, she was sporting her favorite bright pink pixie style. "I follow the Ministry directed dress code specific to the Auror department, Mum. Which simply states that I must wear my official Auror robes, badge visible, and wear footwear suitable for foot pursuits." Tonks grinned, quoting the line from the Auror Code of Conduct. This was not the first time Tonks' work attire had been brought up in conversation by Andromeda. She knew it drove her mother mad that she dressed like an errant teenager. Her mothers' appearance, by contrast, was never anything less than a picture of perfection, from her nicely groomed dark curly locks to her meticulously neat and carefully selected clothing. Habits long ago instilled from Andromeda's fanatical pure-blood upbringing by the "Ancient and Most Noble House of Black". "I think she looks smashing," came the voice of Ted Tonks as he entered the kitchen, The Daily Prophet tucked under his arm. "Thanks, Dad," said Tonks, smiling at her father. "You know I can't be seen conforming to the norm. I've a reputation to uphold. And it certainly wouldn't annoy Scrimgeour as much if I dressed the part of a dutiful employee." Andromeda shook her head at her daughter with a smile then set about making tea for them all as Ted and Tonks sat at the kitchen table, Ted pulling the Prophet from under his arm. Tonks eyed her father's newspaper warily, wondering about her parents' take on the recent events. She knew her parents support Dumbledore as they'd spoken of their loyalty to him during the War, but she was curious to hear their feelings about the latest stories. "Been catching up on the news of the day?" Tonks asked her dad casually. "News of the day indeed. Rubbish if you ask me," replied Ted, a frown appearing on his usually jovial face. "Did you see they removed Dumbledore from the Wizengamot? Not sure what Fudge is playing at." Tonks was relieved to hear him disparage the Prophet . Knowing that her parents were suspicious of the latest articles gave her hope that maybe they wouldn't think her completely mad for contemplating spying behind the Minister's back, defying her boss, risking her job and possibly her life….actually, maybe I am completely mad, she mused. "Have you heard from Alastor, Nymphadora?" Andromeda inquired, interrupting Tonks' thoughts. Andromeda had a great deal of respect for the formidable Auror Alastor Moody. When Tonks had been accepted to the Auror training program, Andromeda had confessed feeling both happy and terrified. She was happy for her daughter, knowing how hard she had worked and how much she wanted a spot in the program. She also knew the dangers involved with being an Auror and had been pleased that Moody had taken Tonks on as a protégé, knowing she would be learning from the best. "I actually had lunch with Mad-Eye and Kingsley today," Tonks replied. Thinking back on her interesting lunch with her colleagues, she wondered how much more on the subject she should say. "Good to hear," her mother said happily while pouring tea for the three of them. "And did you ask how he's feeling? Is he recovering after his ordeal last year?" "Ha!" Tonks laughed loudly. "Mad-Eye's more likely to discuss the state of Minerva McGonagall's knickers than he is to discuss his feelings! We did have a rather lengthy talk though." Tonks took the time to take a few sips from her cup in order to gather her thoughts on how to continue the conversation. "Well, I do hope he is taking it easy. He should be taking advantage of being retired at this point, not pushing himself beyond what is necessary for a man his age," Andromeda stated while stirring her tea a bit to allow it to cool before taking a sip. Tonks reflected on her time with Mad-Eye and Kingsley that afternoon, knowing that quiet retirement was the last thing the old Auror had on his mind right now. Four hours earlier… Tonks was sitting in her cubical sifting through the unending paperwork from her last mission when she heard Kingsley's deep voice behind her. "Have you got plans for lunch today?" he asked quietly. "Unless you call a bad date with a quill and parchment 'plans', then no, I've no plans," she replied, turning toward him with a smile. "Asking me to lunch so you can finally declare your undying love for me, then?" "Something like that," Kingsley replied with a grin. "Noon. Leaky Cauldron. Don't be late." "I would never keep you waiting, love." Tonks laughed as Kingsley rolled his eyes and disappeared back to his office. Tonks got on with Kingsley better than any other Auror in the department. She loved his laid-back demeanor and his ability to take her joking manner and constant clumsiness in stride. Ten minutes before noon, Tonks headed for the Apparition point in the Ministry so she could leave for Diagon Alley. She Apparated to an alley in Muggle London close to the Leaky Cauldron and made her way down a couple of streets to the entrance to the pub. As Tonks stepped through the door, she glanced around looking for Kingsley, knowing that even though she arrived with two minutes to spare he was likely already waiting with a table. She caught sight of him in a booth toward the back and was happily surprised to see that Mad-Eye was sitting in the booth across from him. Tonks made her way through the pub, crowded with people during the lunch rush, caught her foot on a chair leg, and nearly toppled to the floor as she reached the booth. "Wotcher, boys! Mad-Eye, good to see you're still alive. What would I do without the love of my life here to keep me constantly vigilant?" Tonks joked as she slid into the booth next to Kingsley. "You asked me to declare my undying love for you not two hours ago," Kingsley said with mock hurt on his face as he passed her one of the bottles of Butterbeer already on the table. "Do things change that quickly?" "You've really got to keep up, mate. Now that Mad-Eye's back you've got competition," Tonks said, smiling at the two men. "Now, why don't you two go ahead and duel to win my affection." "You're daft, lass," Moody growled from across the table. "Now, if you two are quite done let's get down to business." "What's the rush, Mad-Eye, haven't I at least got some time to ask how you are?" Tonks asked, eyeing her friend across the table. She'd worried about Mad-Eye since learning of what happened the previous year while he was supposedly teaching at Hogwarts. Of course, she didn't feel like she was told the whole story, just the ridiculous article The Prophet printed and the carefully worded statement released to the Auror department. She supposed she felt a bit guilty for not knowing there was something amiss. Tonks had written to Mad-Eye a few times during the school year, but had always received a brief owl back stating he was busy and didn't have time for mindless correspondence. That being a typical response from the gruff old Auror, she hadn't thought twice about the situation. "I'm fine," he stated curtly. "No use thinking too much on it. What's done is done." "Well, now that that's sorted," Tonks said dryly. "Nymphadora," barked Mad-Eye, earning him a glare from Tonks. "Now's not the time or place for chit-chat." Mad-Eye's tone told her that it was indeed time to get down to business. He said in a lower voice, "Tell me what you think of what's been running in The Daily Prophet ." "Load of tosh if you ask me," Tonks replied, taking a cue from Moody and speaking quietly. "Seems like they have an agenda they're pushing with all their rubbish talk of Dumbledore going round the twist and making the Potter boy out to be a loony crackpot." Mad-Eye and Kingsley seemed to communicate to each other