Oh yes I did Just combine bending with the Hunger Games, this is set to be the 25th annual Hunger Games, the first Quarter Quell, it's in the point of view of a young girl 14 years old from District 8, actually this story has lots of things from my actual life, like the girl is my personality and her best friend is my best friend, she has as many siblings as I do and they're personalities are based off my siblings, her friends are my friends, I've just given them odd and somewhat unique names, some events are based off events from my life just changed somewhat to fit the story line better. Note: I do not own the Hunger Games. Some things in this story are direct quotes from Suzanne Collins book the Hunger Games, like when it describes the district as an urban place and whatnot that is a direct quotation from when Katniss sees it and describes it, so if you haven't read the Hunger Games I encourage you to! Best books ever! The Hunger Games, Catching Fire and Mockingjay are the best books I've ever read, anywho after that long authors note here comes a long chapter, enjoy and Happy Reading! The 25th Annual Hunger Games Chapter 1 I just sit in bed. Staring at the floor, questioning if my existence is worth it. I sigh and stand, walking to the almost empty closet I get out my old t-shirt and jeans, I dress quickly as I don't want to be late. I put on my old brown boots that are covered in mud from hiking in yesterday's rain storm. Just before I head out I realize my hair is gonna get in the way. I quickly braid it off to the side and then wander to the kitchen to find something to eat. I find a couple grapes and scoop them up into my pocket. Quietly opening the door so as not to wake my other siblings I step outside into the the fog of the early morning. I don't know if mothers already at work or not, but I walk on anyways. I'm from District 8, we are the manufacturers of cloth or woven fabric. We make all the fancy clothes the Capitol people are so obsessed with. I live in the South Eastern corner of District 8, not a very pleasant place but good enough compared to the other districts. Of the 12 remaining districts, 8 has the largest population, back many years ago we were in rebellion, our district fought against the Peacekeepers and we would've beat them too, except the Capitol sent in dozens more Peacekeepers and used hovercrafts to bomb the rebel strongholds. Everything went into lockdown mode, and no one was allowed out of their houses for a while. The factories were shut down and the only time the TV played anything other than static was when it showed suspected rebel instigators being executed. Eventually things returned to normal, but the Capitol blew up one large factory when they found out the talk of rebellion started there. We are one of the poorest of the 12 districts, we live in an urban place stinking of industrial fumes with no greenery, the people here are housed in run down tenements, barely a blade of grass is in sight. But my family of five manages just fine. My father died in the factory explosion during our rebellion, I have an older brother and a younger sister, and a younger brother. I'm afraid for my sister, she's eleven, next year she'll be old enough to enter the Hunger Games. A terrible thing really, things have gone completely out of balance since the assassination of the Avatar. He was killed by a man years ago who wanted to change the entire way of life. He claimed he was gonna make things better but the result was The Hunger Games. Each year one boy and one girl from each district is selected to take part in a gruesome fight to the finish. With one victor, kids from ages 12 to 18 fight to win an extra amount of food for their district, it's a televised event for the entertainment purposes of, mainly the Capitol and the President. I shiver in the cold of the morning. It would be nice to have a warm jacket, but the Capitol won't let us keep any clothing we might make, it all goes to them. Peacekeepers are everywhere, it's tough enough living in these conditions without having them constantly hovering over you making sure you don't break their laws. I see a Peacekeeper by the fence eating a pastry. Normally I'd roll my eyes at how lucky they are, my stomach would growl and I'd walk on. But this time it's different, this time there's a little girl standing next to him. I've seen her around before, she looks to be five and has blonde tangly hair and a dirt covered face. She's talking to the Peacekeeper, pleading with him. I move closer to try and catch what they say. Suddenly the man raises his gun ready to hit the poor child. Instinctively I move forward to intercept and before I knew it the gun collided with my face. I fall to the ground and after a moment of excruciating pain I stand up in front of the girl. "Leave her alone," I say gritting my teeth, my hands have formed fists. The man stares at me with a blank expression. "I said leave her alone!" I say in a louder voice. I know I could get into massive trouble for speaking out but I can't help it. She's just a little girl. "Get out of my way and let me do my job!" He demands shoving me aside. The girl whimpers and curls up in fear. I come back and shove this mans shoulders. "Back off!" I say angrily. Suddenly two more Peacekeepers come and grab my arms. The first man who hit me with his gun punched me in the gut. I shrivel up in pain, my empty stomach now twirled. "Hey hey! What's going on?!" One of the new arrivals asks. "This girl came at me for no reason! I suspect she's a rebel," That's a lie. Plain and simple. I want to speak up but can't for two reasons; one, my stomach is still hollow, two, no matter what I say they'll believe one of their own rather than me, a poor kid from District 8. "Hey, today's the day of the reaping k, maybe she'll get picked and we won't have to worry about punishment," One of them states with a smile. The pastry eater grins and nods understandingly. I take in sharp ragged breathes. 'Today is the day of the reaping' his words swarm my mind. 'Maybe she'll get picked' everyone from our district is usually the first to die in the Hunger Games. They always end up being killed in the first 24 hours of the games. Am I doomed to failure if I get picked for the girl tribute of this district? There aren't many volunteers from our district, no one else wants to be killed for anyone else. The Peacekeepers let me go and walk off. After crouching on my knees and holding my stomach as I rock back and forth, I look up to the girl. "You ok?" I ask dryly. "Yes, you didn't have to do that," She whispers fearfully. I smile through my pain. "It's ok, what's your name?" I ask gently so as not to scare her further. "Shimmery," She answers brightening a little. "Cool, where's your home?" I ask further. Shimmery shrugs and her eyes wander. "Wherever I want-" She says with a small voice. "Well, where's your family?" The pain in my stomach lightens somewhat. "They're dead, the men in white killed them," I nod slowly understanding. I attempt to stand but can't yet so I stay down on my knees. "Ok, why did that man try to hit you with his gun?" I am curious about what they talked about before I stepped in and was hit on the face. "He was eating something and I was hungry so I asked if I could have one too but he said no," I understand now. The Peacekeepers get full meals three times a day whereas everyone else is lucky to find a bread crumb off the streets. "Your face is hurt, want me to fix it?" I'm not quite sure what this girl means so I ask. "My mommy was a doctor, she taught me a little, your face is bleeding do you want me to fix it?" I smile at her and nod. She smiles too for the first time and extends her hand to me. I take it and, even though she couldn't help me up if she tried, I stand on my own. She leads me off to a shack where she pulls out a small beat-up medical kit. I sit down and watch as she carefully pulls out a box of band-aids and gently takes off the paper surrounding it. "So is this where you live?" I ask looking around. There's only three walls, one of which has many holes in it, the fourth wall has been taken out completely, you can't even see the floor it's covered in so much rubble and debris, I'm sitting on a broken piece of the wall that doesn't look like it'll hold up very well. "Sometimes, I have stuff like this hidden all over the place," She explains holding up the medical box. I nod and glance out the window. Sitting in the sill is a cat. Another look and I realize it's my cat. I've had her since she was a baby, I raised her. I am her mother, she'd like to follow me everywhere but I can't let her. I coax her over with the clicking sound I make by pressing my tongue against my top set of teeth and bottom lip, then pull my lip out making a clicking-squeaking sound. Shimmery looks to what I'm doing and sees the cat scamper down and run to me. Keiko. That's her name, she's the most beautiful cat you've ever seen, she's calico she has a white stomach and chin and legs, she's got black and grey stripes down her back with spots of orange stripes, she has green eyes, like me, and a long tail. She keeps herself clean unlike most everything in this district. And despite her slender figure she's pretty plump, I suspect she's been going to the Peacekeepers and begging for food. Food that she gets nonetheless. After all, who could resist such a pretty face? I stroke her back gently and she purrs. Shimmery just watches on in awe. "Is she your cat?" The young girl asks finally. "Yes," I always give simple answers to strangers. Even if they're adorable little girls. It's just a force of habit. "Oh, she's pretty," Shimmery doesn't touch her, she just looks. Which is probably a good idea, Keiko isn't a very nice cat, she's only nice to me because I fed her when she was young and raised her, we used to have a goat that I'd get milk from, I'd always feed my kitten with that. But sadly the goat died of starvation. The cat must've had enough love for this morning, she jumps off my lap and runs away. "Thanks for the band aid," I tell Shimmery. She smiles. "You're welcome," She says in her sweet little voice. I stand preparing to leave. "I gotta go now, I'm late for meeting a friend," As I walk toward the missing wall I stop suddenly remembering the grapes in my pocket. I walk back and hand them to Shimmery who gasps and stares at them in disbelief. "You may have them, a gift for helping me with my face,"