Dear One It is few hours past dawn when the shoes of your mount cross the hush of dust and grass to clatter upon paved stone. The hardness of its path shakes your frame, and you awake from within the woven hood you cast up to hide your face from light. You turn and the forest shape of the horizon changes to points of towers and stacked flats of roofs. For the first time the draught of summer air has flavors of sour-spiced sweat of men at work. It has the smoke of the meat of beasts so fatty that their greases sizzle in the fire, and the grime of unwashed walls. They flicker on the back of your tongue, which makes you cough slightly. It brings back memories of him. As they merge with your shallow breath, you once again enter the world of men. --- Barely a fortnight elapses and you are on your back, struggling to cling to your life. --- The king had you in his private chambers several times that season. It had yawning panels of glass for windows. In the fierce blaze of the day and with the castle the pinnacle of the city, there were sharply lined pieces of light pinned to his walls and bed hangings. There were chairs fashioned by the best carpenters in his kingdom. But he bade you to take your rest where you liked, and so when he chose the softness of his marriage bed, you joined him. Together you have sat on single narrow bench in tavern and on rock in open air. You have slept with his head pressed to your shoulder for the warmth in it, and had his hands on your shoulders when your bodies outnumbered the horses. So you knew he would not begrudge you a spot beside him on his covers. The two of you had drunk and jested as if the light of the many crafter lanterns of his rooms meant nothing more than the humble light of a campfire or an inn's stumped candles. And so it was in his rooms that you had the same of knowing the bristled skin by his throat when he has not scraped himself smooth, as men must to keep their faces clean from the darkness of hair. Once again you beheld the voice rasped slightly by pipe smoke and tuned smooth again for song. And he did sing for you when you asked. But there was more. He no longer wore the dark garb of a ranger meant to keep attention from resting on him, but fair colors cut and decorated for a king demanding all eyes. And you also came to know the hint of perfume trapped in his hair and skin, now mingling with the same earthy human smell of him. It might have come from florals that his wife scattered in their bedclothes. She too was there. She drifted in and out of your words with the child on her hip. She moved as a moth might, robes fluttering like wings at the edges of your attention. Her brushes of touch are so faint that they might have been accident made in insect's confused flight. You tried not to see her, let her circling be of the same consequence as winged mites drawn to their lamplight. But just as your annoyance might not have been unable to ignore pests by the light, so too did his fond amusement never leave her lovely face when she danced to him in her step, as if he were admiring a pattern in wing. ---. The last time he consents to your company, it is not in his rooms but before his throne. You, prince in your own right, are on bended knee and with bowed head. You could not move yourself to look upon his expression, but so dark is the room, you might not have seen it. "Leogolas, I had wondered why you sent ahead of your arrival. Have I ever made you feel unwelcome in my halls? You knew well that you were as free through to walk my doors as my family." You let him cajole you, as he will. There is nothing to say. "Legolas, listen to me…there is urgent word from Osiligoth. I must ride. But never doubt that I love you, for have not your sorrows stayed me this long? Fare thee well, my friend. May you keep safe on your journey home." When your courage finally coaxes you to raise your head, he is gone. The majestically cavernous room smells of dust and nothing. "I might die from this." You say in a choked whisper to your hands. --- "I have wronged you." she relents, rocking the crying babe at her breast. Ah! How many times have you had to content yourself with this very image, the noble queen stepped off her pedestal to beseech your forgiveness? Bricks of men, wood of elf, stars of unclaimed sky—all had closed over a head harboring a painting of a she-villain, and your dry eyes burning covetously on his sleeping form. "We have wronged you," she whispers. The hair of the child, so like his father's, curls dark and light, soft and rough, on the white of his mother's neck. She presses Eldarion close to the comfort of her bosom. He quiets at the softness of her flesh, the love in her touch. He is so much like his father. You stare but a moment at such sublime beauty. Without voice, you curse her with the most damning language in the tongue of her birth and yours—an insult that cuts deeper for its aching hint of home. And with nothing more to trade, you turn from her and part ways. In the barest glimpse of her fair face you glean a stricken look. Though no empath like her lady grandmother, the Evenstar is pure. So much that her mind has been rung like a bell by the screaming hatred in yours. As you walk, you beg the calm of the night in the windows to ease the rage within you. Your face is hot and too slow to cool from the confrontation. You worry. In truth, you thought her no monster before—it was the poison of your own envy that fed you delusion when your heart was most dark and despairing. You have long known that you are the foul one. You are the one with unnatural desires, the one with cruel hopes set against such a loving creature--the Evenstar, so proud, but so painfully bright and kind as to deserve such pride. Your fantasies of her being broken by your selfish love for him were born from the darkness of your loneliness. You knew this. But never, not once, had you ever imagined her in her regret to be so small framed and frightened before you. And never was she with the child, their dearly beloved firstborn encircled him protectively in her arms. Never had the false Arwen of your thoughts meekly apologized for an innocent babe incapable of causing harm or granting apology. Never had she asked your forgiveness for the very life of their son. -- It is this duplicitous one who finds you slumped in a window, utterly listless. She thinks you asleep at first when you do not move, but your eyes are not cast down in sightless rest. They are fixed in the direction of the city he has rode to. When she calls your name you shut your eyes and will not open them. -- There are hands on your face, feeling for you. Ah, you tell yourself vaguely. He is here, for was he not your healer in darker times when arrows and ax blades struck bodies mere paces away from him? He would not leave you to bleed out on the battleground. Would he abandon you in times of splendor, left to wither in a bed and from simple soreness of heart? He would not. Not when he has resolutely dug knees in blood and chaos to bind your life to your body. He is feeling himself to check that you are not overwarm from the sick. Are we of the same heat, love? you wish to ask him. --- Since she has been ensnared by a mortal's love and damned herself to it, the queen no longer wears the raiment of her people. Tied to Gondor by vow to husband and child, she is weighted to Middle Earth with the rich gowns and adornments of a mother queen. But now free from the heavy dresses for men's company and the child about her neck, she is lightened like a ghost. She is clad in gossamer silks that tremble about her pale skin in faint wind, like a bud of a dandelion lightly dons its down. An elf is just that, a thistle; held to first home by but a single foot. No, only by toepoint, and at beckon of wind, some disturbance in the air, will lift away to sail so it will not die with plant that raised it with such dear love. Released from mud of death from bodies bound for rot, she will escape from this place that has become like a tree taken by decomposers. She will flee, like you. You will both be free from wet weight of men's blood and bone that collapse in greater and greater piles before your eyes and blot out the scent of trees and tang of sea. Her otherworldly words to you are agonizingly gentle as she traces your face for fever. "Sweet Legolas. You are not fading." She tells you with the pain of one who knows. Fading is a draining, no angry heat of your body moiling in refusal to pass—it is trying to boil away the sickness. You know fading to be cool and dry, that sensation that still lingers in the hands that now stroke your brow. The lady is always chilled, as though grief will never truly leave her. She is still fading, you realize. But slower, for the sake of love and child. She will continue until she is done, and then no more. The Evenstar has the truest love, she has sweetness and all that she desires—but never does she cease mourning. Her whisper has the sweetness of home, borne from the same kind of flower and by nectar of the same sugar. It slides away from you as the light leaves your eyes. "Be well and rid yourself of this illness, gwadoren." -- You are cold. You are expiring. You are the king's body laid upon the altar hands folded on burial coat. You are the lady before she was queen, sleeping on stone with face paled by despair. You are naught but a gathered sack of blood and bone coming apart. But. --- It is not so long ago. Elrond has taken in a new babe that does little harm but whose wails of discontent drive all from his halls. The human mother is disconsolate from loss of husband and will do nothing to comfort her own babe. The elf lord himself is sleepless and paces away nights with his anxiety. She is no elf, but as guest you are treated to the notion that humans too may fade. You have been told that the race of men is more resilient to sadness, for death is thick in their lives—hunger, disease, and carelessness takes them by the likes that would stagger an elf to hear. It is whispered that she is an exceptional specimen, her condition harkening to her ancestry, but you think this a unique effect. Though young, she ages swifter and swifter—her hair becomes grizzled like an old woman's, her face is dragged down as if hooked to stones despite her constant rest. By the time she gives up her last breath, you have decided that elves, though quicker to succumb to true heartbreak, are blessed to