Rated T for language and dark themes. This fic updates every Sunday. Summary: Severus Snape splits his time between the war effort, a mysterious plot hatched by his students, the ever nefarious Dolores Umbridge, and the physical and mental well-being of Harry Potter. The last one turns out to be even more difficult than it sounds. And then things get weird. A/N: Things to look forward to in this fic: Dolores Umbridge's frankly deeply disturbing crush on Severus Snape, Minerva and Severus as best bros, Albus Dumbledore as a really bad prankster, Lucius Malfoy as a poncy git, Kreacher the house-elf, a Harry Potter who seems more and more different every day, a surprisingly pragmatic Hermione Granger, and a Severus Snape who for some reason can't stop dreaming about the Dark Lord. Buckle up, kids. You're in for a wild ride. The boy was dead. He may still have been breathing, he may have been idly chatting with his friends, pushing food around his plate, and generally making a nuisance of himself, but when our eyes met… I knew. Harry Potter was dead. Perhaps not physically, but nonetheless. "Minerva," I murmured to the woman in the chair next to mine. She looked up at me, eyebrows slightly raised. Perhaps I hadn't been the most chatty of dinner companions lately, it was true, but she had no need to look so shocked to hear my voice. How anyone could converse casually, with that loathsome toad sitting just a few seats down, frankly astounded me. "Yes, Severus?" she prompted, perhaps noting my distraction. She was one of the more insightful of my colleagues. "Have you noticed anything… off… about Potter lately?" I tried to keep my tone neutral, my voice hushed so that Umbridge would not overhear. She, of course, was loudly telling poor Pomona all about what sorts of plants she thought ought not to be taught at Hogwarts. As if she had any say in that. "Whatever do you mean?" She followed my gaze down to the Gryffindor table, where Potter appeared to be happily chatting with his friends, albeit less enthusiastically than he would have been last year. Unsurprising, given the resurrection of the most feared dark lord of the past fifty years; one who personally wanted Potter dead. "Look at him," I urged, keeping my voice low. Whether or not she would see what I saw, I had no idea. I knew I had to try. I felt the sickly feeling that the fate of the world depended on it, or some such rubbish. At the very least, she was looking now. "He's quieter than last year," she noted softly. "I'm not surprised. That boy is dealing with a lot right now." That was an understatement. I had seen the scar on the back of his hand in our last potions class. Hardly into the term and already Umbridge (for who else could it be) was using a blood quill on him. No, it was no surprise that he was quieter. But the look in his eyes… I had seen that look before. On the more long-term inmates in Azkaban. It wasn't the sort of look you forgot. "Keep an eye on him," I told her distractedly. Potter had noticed we were looking at him, and he was looking back at us rather strangely. I sent him a glare. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Minerva sending him a small smile. Mixed signals, no doubt. "Why Severus," Minerva teased lightly. "It almost sounds like you care." Blasted woman. Did she not realize what was at stake? Of course I cared. I could hardly tell her such, of course. Or maybe I could. "Do you not realize what is at stake?" I asked her quietly. She sent me a rather mean look, no worse than I expected. "That's a fifteen year old boy you're talking about," she protested quietly. "Oh no," I said, my gaze once more drifting down to the boy in question. He met my gaze steadily, but the challenge set in his facial features failed to reach his eyes. "He's much more than that." Minerva humphed and went back to her dinner. I could hear her exchange some light conversation with Filius, sitting to her left. I stared into Potter's eyes, searching for what, I don't know. I sent him another glare, and forced myself to look away. I barely managed to suppress a shudder. Something was very wrong with that boy. But you wouldn't think to look at him, as long as you avoided his eyes. His countenance was light, and he smiled at his friends, the smug, annoying smile he always wore. I dragged my eyes away from him (finally), and turned them to the Slytherin table, where they rightly should be. And not a moment too soon, it appeared, because Draco Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson were currently in the middle of a fight. To anyone outside of Slytherin, of course, it would look merely like a passionate conversation, held in whispers. But I — who'd known them both for years — could see the lines of tension around their eyes, the way they were shifted slightly away from each other as if they didn't want to be too close. What the devil could they be fighting about now? They had fought the first week of term as well. A vicious thing, right in the Slytherin common room. Shouting at each other, for the whole world to hear. Quite the spectacle they'd made of themselves. I'd given them weeks of detention, and they'd only just finished serving it. And now they were fighting again… Perhaps a stronger message was needed to make sure it really sunk in. At least they were keeping it quiet, this time. I idly wondered how long that would last. Dinner ended with something of a whimper. The last stragglers exited the room, leaving only a couple of us still at the staff table. "Severus," Minerva said, turning to me. She, Filius, and Albus had remained behind. Albus and Filius were discussing some esoteric piece of charms theory, and they looked rather engaged in it. "Yes?" I responded curtly. I hoped she would not bring up our conversation from earlier. I sincerely doubted she was ready to listen yet. "Is there something going on between Malfoy and Parkinson?" she asked bluntly, and I felt my eyebrows raise. Perhaps they were more obvious than I'd thought. "What do you mean?" I said. I certainly wasn't about to give anything away unnecessarily. "They've been fighting in class," she explained. My face hardened. "Have they now," I said, placing my fork down carefully on the table. I was already planning how best to show them the full weight of my wrath. "Oh Severus, not like that," Minerva said, although there was the ghost of a smile on her face. I think she was reassured by the fact that I wasn't just letting my Slytherins run rampant, no matter how it may appear to… some in the castle. "They haven't been disruptive. Cold glances, hushed whispers in the hallway. There's obviously something going on." "I'm afraid I don't know any more than you do," I reluctantly admitted. "They got into a rather vocal argument the first week of classes. A couple weeks of detention seems to have cured them of that, but it certainly hasn't helped relations between them at all." Minerva considered this. "Perhaps… A lover's quarrel, then? I can't think of what else would ignite such…" Her lips twitched. "Passion." My lips twisted with distaste. "I rather prefer not to involve myself in such affairs," I informed her stiffly. "You don't even know if they were dating?" Minerva said, with far too much glee for the situation. "Like I said. I prefer not to involve myself in such matters." "Well, what do you think? Lover's quarrel?" Minerva looked positively delighted at the thought. There was something seriously wrong with that woman. "I think not. Surely if it were a simple lover's quarrel, it would have resolved itself by now." I had no idea though. I was being honest, I rarely involved myself in such matters, instead leaving it up to the older prefects to handle. They understood these things much better than I did, and were always able to adequately advise the students. I truly had no idea how long these sorts of things would last for. But Malfoy and Parkinson, even as prone to dramatics as they were, were hardly the type. Weren't they? And most importantly, I hadn't noticed anything romantic between the two. Not that I'd been paying attention, but in my experience, teenagers were rarely subtle. "You don't think so, then?" Minerva asked. "Well, it seems we have reached something of a disagreement." Uh oh. "What do you think of a little wager?" I glanced over to where Albus was sitting. He wasn't paying us any attention. "What sort of wager?" "The loser takes the winner's patrolling duties for a week." I could feel myself practically salivating at the thought. What a wonderful week that would be. And of course, there was no way I could lose. As if Minerva would ever know my own Slytherins better than I did! "What exactly are your terms, then?" I asked, but we both knew I would agree. "If it turns out to have been a lover's quarrel, I win. If it wasn't, you do." "Agreed." We shook hands on it. That, of course, left the matter of how we would find out. But as we shared a brief look, I knew we both had our ways, and we absolutely would not be divulging those to each other. "How have your first couple weeks been?" Minerva asked me idly, as we prepared to leave. Did I have everything? Self: check. Excellent, that was everything. Boy did I love spending literally all of my time in the same god damn building. "About as well as can be expected," I responded. No cauldrons had been melted yet, surprisingly. Although the first years wouldn't start brewing until later this week, so I suppose that didn't mean very much. "Yourself?" I asked politely. "They seem to get more nervous every year." Minerva chuckled slightly, and grabbed her cloak from where it had been sitting on the back of her chair. That actually could be very possible, I realized darkly. The world was a much scarier place than it had been even only a couple years ago. How much had that actually impacted eleven year olds? I would have to have a conversation with my first years, and soon, perhaps. Maybe they could still be spared the full brunt of the war. Or perhaps I should just start handing out calming draughts. There was a staff meeting the following morning, bright and early, requested by Umbridge. Her reasoning sounded fine on paper, namely wanting to bring up some issues of student discipline that she was having trouble with as a new professor, but I had no doubt it would be just as useless as everything else she did. It was with the utmost reluctance that I dragged myself out of bed. It should be a crime to have to deal with Dolores Umbridge at six thirty in the morning. Certainly the things I longed to do to her after only minutes in her company would get me arrested most quickly. I downed a cup of strong, black tea before I left my quarters, and then grabbed another cup as soon as I got to the staff room. Vector was already there, so I sank into the seat next to her. "Rough night?" she asked, like she was the funniest person in the world. She probably thought she was. "Not as rough as this meeting is about to be," I muttered back, and her snort of amusement actually did cheer me up a little. Enough to give Minerva a nod as she took the