First off, gotta remind y'all that this is the first story I've written. So go easy on me. Oh and of course, I own nothing! (Btw, I made it so that Hylla is only a couple months older than Reyna. She still the older sister, but that way they can both be in the same classes as everyone else. Y'all will see why.) The song for this first chapter: Stillmatic (Intro) - Nas. This was wild. "So everyone really is going to the same college we're going to?" asked Percy (for the hundreth time). "Yes, Percy, I've told you a million times" replied Annabeth from the passenger seat, rolling her eyes but grinning a little bit at the same time. "Everyone. Including Reyna and Hylla." "I can't believe that last part." "Me neither. Reyna I can picture coming to New York to go to college, but Hylla? I can't wait to ask Reyna how in the world she managed to convince her sister to come." Percy laughed. "Same here. I hope she has completely forgiven us and doesn't want to cut my head off anymore." "I wouldn't bet against it." grinned Annabeth. Percy and Annabeth were heading to college, right in the middle of Percy's beloved hometown of New York. Annabeth had moved to NYC earlier in the year, and both of them were working part time jobs to help pay for the small little appartment they had gotten. Percy was driving Paul's car. Shockingly, Paul still let him use it, even after Blackjack had messed it up a couple of summers ago. But Paul had indeed told him that if there were any more scratches on the car, that permission would be swiftly removed. But, obviously, that was not the best thing about this whole situation. The best thing was that ALL their friends were going to the same college. Scratch that, that's a lie. Grover and Juniper were staying at Half Blood Camp. Nico and Will had decided to travel around the world for a while. And Thalia, for obvious reasons, wasn't there either, even if all three of them payed them visits as often as they could. But Jason, Piper, Frank, Hazel, Leo, even Calypso (who was freaking out about entering the "real world"), they were all there. And even more shocking: Both Reyna AND her sister Hylla were coming. Everyone was extremely curious as to why they were both there, since Reyna still didn't have a good relationship with Piper (or Jason, for that matter), and Hylla... was Hylla. She was the queen of the Amazons. And she was going to college like a regular 19 year old? Nah. It just didn't make sense. Welp, they were about to find out soon. Summer had been warmer than usual for NYC and it was still hitting hard. There were very few clouds in the sky, and not even the regular sky-scraping buildings of NY could mask the sun. "I can't believe it's this hot, still." said Annabeth, rolling her window mirror down. "Good switch up if you ask me." replied Percy. "Enjoy it wise girl, you west coast people don't know how bad New York weather can get." "Shut up, seaweed brain. I'm surprised you haven't dissapeared and vanished into thin air already" "I would have if I had put a jacket on, which I almost did. I don't know what was I thinking this morning." Annabeth smiled "I wish you had put on that jacket. Then you would have been forced to tell me I was right. As always." "Don't get cocky now, Annie." "Do NOT call me Annie." "Annie." "PERSEUS JACKSON." "Ok ok, calm down." said Percy, taking advantage of the red light and giving Annabeth a quick kiss on the cheek. "You think that can calm me down?" asked Annabeth. "You think you have that sort of power over me, to just change my mood with a quick kiss, seaweed brain?" "Absolutely." "Touché." Percy grinned as they pulled up in front of the entry to campus. They got lucky and found a parking right next to it. It had a lot of trees, combined with the stone pavement, giving it a modern look. "I'm the greatest" gloated Percy. "I do everything right. Even finding parking spots, which has nothing to do with myself. I'm that good." "Who's getting cocky now?" "You know I'm right though." "Doesn't matter. Answer my question." "What?" "Answer my question, Percy." "What?" Annabeth stuck his tongue out to him. "How mature." said Percy. "Shut up and help me find Jason and Piper. They told me they would get here a little bit earlier than us. And this place is starting to get filled with people." "Yes ma'am." They didn't have to walk very far. Annabeth was tackled almost to the ground by Piper. "ANNABETHCHASEIMSOHAPPYTOSEEYOU...!" exclaimed Piper. Percy turned around laughing, and saw Jason, who was smiling and looking at the NFL All-Pro level tackling going on in front of him with his piercing blue eyes. "What's up Jason?" said Percy with a smile as they bumped fists. "Not much. I've been enjoying this time off though. No monsters trying to kill you, no prophecies, no gods angry at you for no reason... Just a regular, happy life." said Jason. "Same here. This is even more challenging than the missions." Percy answered. Both Percy and Jason looked the same as always, Jason with his blonde hair and sky blue eyes and Percy with his black hair and sea green eyes. Percy was wearing a regular light blue T-shirt, brown khaki shorts of the sort his father Poseidon would wear, and Vans. Jason was wearing a V-neck white T-shirt, tight light blue jean shorts and white and yellow Adidas sneakers. Annabeth and Piper got up laughing, still tied together in a hug. Annabeth had her princess-like blonde hair tied up in a side ponytail. She was sporting a sleeveless white blouse, black jean shorts and red Converse, as well as a golden bracelet Percy had given to her. She wore only lip gloss as usual, and she looked stunning as usual. Piper was wearing a similar sleeveless blouse, but hers was green. She had on dark blue cargo shorts and Adidas sneakers, like Jason. She had her hair down with one small side braid. As always, she looked like she wasn't even trying to look good (which was true), but she still did. Oh, well. Perks that come with being a daughter of Aphrodite. Piper's eyes were glowing "How has life been for my favorite couple?" "Pretty good." answered Percy. "We're getting settled into the new appartment. I'm still not used to not having death threatening situations around me at all times to be honest." he said, laughing. "Now my biggest fear is messing up the pancackes." Piper nodded. "It's similar for us. We've also bought an appartment." "In Manhattan?" asked Annabeth. "Nope. Too expensive. We're living in Brooklyn." answered Jason. "We have to visi.." "YOOOOO!" screamed the unique voice of the one and only, Leo Valdez. He had his signature crazy smile splattered all over his face, and next to him was Calypso, who looked like an angel. Her hair was braided in two short braids and she had on a sleeveless white dress, that went down to just above her knees. She pulled it off. Leo was wearing his trademark belt, cargo pants and a black T-shirt. Surprisingly enough, there was not one single trace of dirt of any kind on his attire. Which probably was Calypso's doing. Percy lowered his head a little bit. Even though Calypso had probably forgiven him, he still felt bad about promising her something and not coming through on it. "What's up guys?" asked Leo, smiling like a madman. He bumped fists with Jason and Percy and hugged both Annabeth and Piper. "Dammit Piper, I'm...choking." he managed to blurt out when Piper gave him a bear hug. "Sorry." said Piper, smiling. "What's been up with you two, Calypso?" asked Annabeth. "We just came back from our trip. We went to so many different places I couldn't keep count." she answered. "We went to 23 different countries. I did keep count." smirked Leo. "I wanted to show her the outside world." "It's been so surreal to me." Calypso nodded. "I've been stuck in time for so long..." "Uh, yeah... about that." said Percy. Calypso looked at him with a blank look on her face. Percy couldn't read it, and it made him a little bit nervous. "I wanted... to apologize. For not keeping my promise. I promised I would tell the Gods about you. I didn't. I promised to get you out of there. I didn't. I would understand if you didn't forgive me, but..." Percy stuttered. Calypso had an unreadable look in her angelic face. Percy gulped. "Look.." "It's okay, Percy." "What-you mean..?" "It's okay. I was dissapointed, but I can't hold a grudge forever. I'm free now. My past life is behind me. I got new things to look forward to." she said, shooting Leo a quick look, a small smile forming on her lips. "So that means I'm-" "Yes. It means you are forgiven, Percy. I can't stay mad for long, it's not in me. Plus, it's useless." Then there was an awkward silence. Leo squeezed Calypso's hand as her expression lightened up. "So.." began Jason. "Is that Hazel and Frank over there?" asked Annabeth, pointing behind the group. "Has to be them. Frank stands out." said Jason, laughing. "He's, I'd say, at least 3 or 4 inches taller than everyone else." pointed out Leo. "Hazel stands out too. Those golden eyes are beautiful. Her skin glows too." added Piper. "And her beautiful curly hair." finished Annabeth. Hazel and Frank saw them and walked up to them, holding hands. Frank, as big and intimidating as he was, was still the same awkward and timid man he always had been. Hazel was still the lovely and caring girl (girl? A woman at this point.) she was known as. Hazel had on a light yellow short sleeve shirt that showed off one of her bra straps and and a not-so-revealing (a shame for all the dudes who walked past) dark blue mini skirt, which only her could make look innocent and just plain cute. She also wore all white Converse. Everyone knew she carried around something very important in the only pocket of her mini skirt. Frank had on a dark red Ralph Lauren polo and regular khaki shorts, with Vans similar to Percy's. "Hi, guys." said Hazel, with a big smile. She went ahead and hugged everyone, hugging Annabeth and Piper with an extra level of strength. Everyone was smiling today. It was just that kind of day. You see your best friends after over a month? I challenge y'all to not smile. Frank bumped fists with Leo, Jason and Percy and hugged the girls. He looked as nervous as he did excited. Leo saw it. "You're nervous about college, huh, big guy?" "A bit. I'm not used to something this simple. I'm scared to somehow still mess up, quite frankly." "You're not gonna mess up anything, Frank, chill." said Hazel, squeezing his hand and making him blush. Everyone smiled. Frank still hadn't changed. And they loved him for that. "Damn, look at those hotties over there. That's prime time flesh right there." a voice said. They all turned around. Staring at them (at the girls, to be more precise) was a group of around 20 tall, muscled white guys. They looked to be a part of the football team. "Who are you guys?" asked Jason, with a disgusted look on his face. "We're part of the football team. You didn't know?" said the one who looked to be the leader. "Why should we?" retorted Annabeth. Many of the dudes in the group smiled, as if they didn't expect her to be so rude. "Calm down, princess." Said the leader."No need to get