Bit of a different story, set in a very different world to the regular Percy Jackson world. Hopefully it should all get explained later in the story. There will be an OC main character, but it will be more like in the Heroes of Olympus where there will be many perspectives, so you'll still get all the Percy you want. T for mild violence and very mild language. *** means a change in perspective ~~~ means a line break The epigraphs are the musings of the narrator, who is a real character in the fanfiction. Can you guess which one he/she is? Also the cities in this fanfic are named after real ancient cities, but they are in no way related culturally or geographically to the real world. The continent is not the same shape as the one on Earth either, it's all coming from my head and my head alone. For story purposes gold isn't that rare, but silver is incredibly rare, like the kings of countries can't afford much mor than a silver ring or thin bracelett. Just because Enjoy! 6:32 PM I am in a strange position where I am both the only person with the complete knowledge of how the world came to be this way, and yet am also laying down on what will probably be my death-bed. As such, I feel like I have some moral obligation to write all that lead up to this moment. Because it is an incredible story of love, strife, death, happiness, grief, and just about any other emotion you can think of. It is a story of insurmountable odds, and how are demigod heroes faced those odds with strength, wisdom, and far too much optimism than any person has a right to have. And how they defeated them. If you are reading this, then let it be known, that this is the story of how the Titanic Empire fell in what should've been their moment of final triumph. Written by one of the people who toppled it. This, dear readers, is the story of the Guardians of Olympus. Prologue The hooded figure walked through the golden city, its people bustling in the streets, its wide streets with markets set up on both sides, it's almost intoxicating smell, the way the sunlight reflected off the golden building tops. He saw the children playing in the freshly trimmed grasses of the parks, the birds singing in the trees, the laughter that seemed to fill through the air. Olympus City. The Earth's greatest jewel. Paradise. And he hated it. The country of Olympia was the last, and strongest country to stand up to the sudden conquest of the Titanic Empire. The hooded figure had seen it with his own eyes. He'd seen the Imperial soldiers slaughter villages. He'd seen legions of drakonborn tear through armies, sustaining nearly no damage at all. He'd even seen demigods lead charges against enemies only to be brutalised by a seer. Even just thinking of the creatures made him shiver. Unlike with the drakonborn, who were so inhuman and bestial that it was like fighting an oversized lizard, the seers, beneath their savage exterior, hid a cruel, sadistic intelligence. He'd hoped to never see one of those creatures again, but looking around his hopes were almost shattered. If Olympus City didn't get off of its ass, it was going to end up surrounded by an enemy army so enough. And Olympus city didn't seem like a city preparing for an extended war. There was no rationing, no last-minute training, no air of panick that he was used to when the black wave that was the Titanic Empire threatened to wash over the land. These people, who were already rich before, are now lining in unparalleled luxury. Every civilisation that had fallen to the Titans had given what resources they had left to Olympia, and now it was very, very wealthy. It was also facing very near and unavoidable doom, so he wasn't to jealous of the citizens. Anyway, they weren't the real problem. No, the real problem lay at the end of the massive street he was walking down. The Olympian throne room. There would be filled with the most lazy, unhelpful, and selfish people you can imagine. They also happen to be in charge of the whole of Olympia through a theocracy that's almost as dumb as the Titanic cult. And of course, the hooded figure needed their help. Just his luck. As he walked up the sparkling marble steps, he had to look away as the gold caps and plates that littered various points of the building glinted at him, reflecting the already harsh sunlight into his eyes. Could've made some good imperial gold out of that , he grumbled in his mind. There was at least enough gold to equip a thousand soldiers of they bothered to imbue it. He looked up again in disgust before having to look away again. Then again, I'm not sure if the soldiers would be as effective as the glare from that sun . Mount Olympus, the massive piece of rock that stuck out of the ground at almost 3000 meters high, was located directly on the equator, and Olympus city, which is surprisingly located directly at the bottom of Mt. Olympus, is thus also insanely sunny. If it wasn't for his powers, the hooded figure would probably have sweated through his brown robe that covered his face. Of course it would take a lot more than a bit of sunlight to make him break a sweat. "Can I help you sir?" A Guard asked. There were twenty of them guarding the main entrance, and even then they struggled to guard the entirety of the doors from the surging crowd. The hooded figure chuckled a bit before making himself seem less interesting and noticeable. It wasn't true invisibility, but he couldn't be bothered to turn invisible. It didn't help that he was wearing a brown robe that reached the floor in a society that was filled with promiscuous and colorful clothing. Nevertheless, his power was strong, and he easily walked past the guards despite how out-of-place he looked. After wandering around for a bit, he finally got into the throne room after slamming the doors wide open. For dramatic effect, of course. Instantly, twelve eyes bored down on him. "What is the meaning of this? Reveal yourself, stranger." Boomed a voice from the end of the massive room. "So I guess you must be Zeus then?" The man nodded. He wore a suit and had a neatly trimmed beard, while his eyes were electric blue. "I come with grim tidings, my lord. I have seen an Imperial army, 20,000 strong, march towards the city of Thebes on your border. They will have a forward century of soldiers in one of your cities by the end of the day. This is the beginning of the war, my lord. They will capture Thebes, then use it as a staging point to capture the river Styx. If they get past that river, you will have no natural defense to hold them back. You must mobilise your forces immediately lest this entire nation fall!" The hooded figure wasn't sure what to expect. Perhaps they would call him blasphemous for commanding them, or lash out in rage, or simply ignore him and call for their guards. He definitely didn't think they would start laughing in his face. The figure stood there, a bit confused, until one of the lesser members of the council spoke up. "Okay mystery man," he said, "you think we don't already know this? We are not as lazy as you think. We have scouts patrolling our border, and have already been informed about this army 20 minutes ago, by a distressed demigod who teleported to our throne room, and asked for aid." "Well then I apologise for interrupting, my lords. I assume you have already mobilised your forces then?" the figure responded. "No, we have not." A voice spoke from a different man spoke up. "Because are soldiers are already in a better position to defend." The man had scars surrounding his eyes, and had a large sword strapped to his belt. It was far too big for a normal person to wield, meaning this was probably Ares, self-appointed embodiment of the war-god. He wasn't of course, like the rest of the supposed 'Gods of Olympia' he was just a regular demigod born to some noble family. But no, despite not even being that powerful, he was born a God. "Lord Ares." The figure said, bowing slightly,"I was not under the impression there was a better position to defend from than the river Styx. Its magic would prevent the enemy from crossing, and they would have to create bridges to get over the river. This would be almost impossible to do with soldiers on the other side. It is clearly the best position to defend from." Ares chuckled darkly before stepping out of his seat and walking towards the figure. "The Styx may destroy anyone who walks through it, but it also is very large. It would be very difficult to protect the whole thing. Plus, I'm not certain if the Styx could kill drakonborn, making it largely ineffective." the war-god said. "And I suppose you have something that can stop drakonborn then?" the figure responded "Yes. A wall." he said dryly. "There is no wall big enough to protect Olympia!" the figure cried out. "Ah, but Olympia is already lost. It was lost the second the Roman empire fell to the Titans, and their eye turned onto us. You see, the mistakes of the other nations is that they would spread themselves too thin, allowing the superior might of the Titans defeat them easily. Olympus city, however, is very defensible, and small enough for our army to protect it from any force. And even better, our army is but a few days march away. This is clearly the best option." "You would sacrifice your entire nation for the sake of this one city? But they would be slaughtered! You cannot do this." Ares chuckled darkly, before saying "So naïve, are you not. You must make sacrifices in war, boy." "The armies will besiege your city! You won't last." "No, we will fall eventually, but we've already come to terms with that. In the meantime however, we have enough food sent over from the other countries that we can last a few decades in an extended seige." "You will still be destroyed." "We know!" Ares screamed, before stepping up to the hooded figure, "Perhaps you should finally accept that and move on, like we have. A few decades is the most we have left anyway. Most of us will be dead or old by that point anyway. Enjoy the time we have now, why don't you? Maybe take that hood off and join in the celebrations?" The war God reached up to the mans hood, but the man raised his hand and pushed lightly on the war Gods chest. Ares, an average demigod with powers that enhanced his reactions and strength, was surprised when the man reacted so quickly, but he was much more surprised when a light shove sent him flying back twenty meters into his throne. There was an uproar in the throne room, but the figure spoke so loudly that he drained out their noise. "You are fools, all of you!" He shouted. "You think you will last a few decades, you will not last a few months if you let those armies get past the river Styx. These walls may hold back soldiers and drakonborn, but it will take but a few seconds for a seer to scale it and enter the city. People will wake up the next day to see all of your heads on pikes, you hear me!" Zeus decided to speak up again, "Assuming that these 'seers' are real, which