"Opt for the Treat" Universe: AH Rating: M (For sensuality) Characters: Bella, Edward Genre: Romance Summary: Bella is taking the quarter off from school to visit her parents and maybe earn a bit of money. The small town gossip mill is grinding away with endless stories of the hot new doctor. When Bella finally meets him, she comes up with a plan to seduce him on Halloween Night. Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer still owns Twilight. And I still don't. "Oh, sweetie, it's so nice to have you home." Bella's mom hugged her tightly and rocked her back and forth for a few seconds. "I just needed a break. Thanks for being so supportive. I really thought year round school would speed things up, I guess I didn't realize how grueling summer term would be." "I can tell. It looks like you need to eat, sleep, and have some fun. You're too skinny!" "Mom, seriously? All I did was lose the 10 pounds I gained last year. I'm fine." "I just worry about you. It's a mom thing. So, what are your plans? I know you don't intend to follow dad and me around for the next three months. Any cute boys you want to see?" "Eww, Mom. You know I want to spend time with you guys. But I did want to catch up with some of the girls, maybe go on some hikes. And Mrs. Newton said I can pick up some shifts at the store to earn a bit of money, too. I didn't come back down here just to free-load." "Isabella, stop. You know that's not how we feel. We're so happy to have you back home. It's been too quiet since you left for school. And now with football season in full swing, I need some extra estrogen in the house to balance out your dad and his friends. I'm going crazy." "You already were, mom," Bella teased with a smile. They chatted about small town gossip while fixing dinner. Bella didn't realize how many little details she missed out on in the last 12 months. She was also surprised to realize that it all felt a bit boring and mundane after living with the chaos and excitement of a college campus for a year. She felt herself checking out mentally more than once and had to force her attention back to her mother's words. It was a litany of rumors, geriatric medical emergencies, politics and crazy tourist stories. Although who would come to Forks on vacation she had no idea. Her mom was giggling about the family that showed up with eight kids in an enormous van to join in the Fourth of July celebration. The kids were all well dressed, polite and shy and completely shell-shocked by the demolition derby and the fireworks in the street. Obviously kids from the suburbs with too many rules and restrictions to know how to have fun. Bella gasped and commented in all the right places, but her attention continued to wander until something sparked her interest. ". . . He's really quite handsome. Moved here immediately after his residency. He lives alone but half the women, married or not, have been showering him with casseroles and cookies since the moving truck pulled out of the driveway." "Who is this again?" Bella asked. "Edward Cullen. The new general practitioner at the hospital. I'm sure you'll end up seeing him before too long, but he lives just five houses down. The one with the white shutters and black door. It's been vacant since the last tenants moved out in January. Everyone was hoping a family with little kids would move in, but I think the young doctor is more exciting." "Women love talking about little kids and single men. I bet all the matchmakers in town are sharpening their claws." "It won't do them any good. Your father says he heard he was a homosexual." "Dad's trading gossip now?" "You know your father. He was probably just trying to shock me into shutting up." "Can you really blame him?" Bella asked sarcastically. "No," her mom giggled. "I'm sure all the husbands feel that way. It's not every day that a clean-shaven, handsome, wealthy, single young doctor moves into your town." "Yeah. That's a long list of characteristics. I hope you haven't done anything embarrassing." "Isabella Marie Swan. You watch yourself. All I did was take over a home-baked apple pie when he moved in. It was a welcome gift just like I would give any new neighbor." "Mom, you don't bake." "They had a bake sale at the library the day before." "You bought dad a pie and then gave it away to a complete stranger? No wonder he was pissed!" "Language, young lady." "Right." They both laughed at the absurdity of it all. But Bella's curiosity was piqued. Any news in a small town was big news. But this was bigger than most. She couldn't wait to meet the man that had turned the entire female population of Forks into lunatics and their men into resentful grouches. September melted into October without a single sighting, but she heard plenty of gossip from her friends and even some of the customers at the store. So far, she knew what car he drove, that he ran daily along a route that people estimated to cover five miles, what time he left for work every morning, how late he came home, and, of course, that he lived alone and had never had a visitor apart from the town women that insisted on bringing him food. He met them at the door and never invited anyone inside. Bella felt like a stalker collecting all of this information in her head, but she never actively sought it out or asked a single question. He had captured everybody's attention, even the men. At the store one Wednesday morning she heard some men talking in low tones while sorting through the newest shipment of fishing lures. "Anyone invited that Cullen doctor out yet?" "Sure did. Me and Morty went over there a couple days after he moved in. He was dressed all clean and preppy like one of those prissy boy magazine models. Asked him to come out with us and he smirked. I kid you not. He smirked at us and told us he didn't want to go any more than we wanted to have him there. He was holding a giant red book like an encyclopedia and had on reading glasses like my Aunt Tess. We offered to let him clean the fish for his share of the catch since he's a doctor and knows all about slicing things open. He laughed and said he was no surgeon - that was his father. Then he thanked us for thinking of him, but he's a vegetarian." "No friggin' way. So what's he doing with all the food? Lizzie took him a venison pie just last Friday. I sure hope he's not tossing 'em in the trash. That was a good buck that was. Tender. Not at all gamy. Damn that Lizzie. I told her that doc's a waste o' time. He's not gonna marry some small-town chit just because the women bribe him with food. Vegetarian. Hah!" "I seen his car out behind the soup kitchen. More than once. You know, the shiny little silver thing." "Yeah, I've seen it there myself. D'ya think the women know?" "If they don't, please don't say anything. I bet them folks over at the soup kitchen have never eaten so good. Besides, if they do find out, they'll be calling him a saint next. I've already had it up to here with stories of him. Mary asked me to shave my beard! Can you believe it?" Bella giggled to herself and continued stocking the fishing line in the next aisle. Mary was completely insane. You don't ask a lumberjack, a fisherman, a hunter or a mill worker to shave their beard. You might as well ask them to ditch their flannel jackets. It was never going to happen. She reached for her box cutter in her back pocket planning to slice open the final box of fishing line. The sliding trigger caught on the edge of her pocket. When she tugged against the resistance, the corroded screw failed and the razor blade broke free, slashing across her pointer and middle fingers. Bella didn't feel the pain immediately. Razor cuts are like that. Icy numbness followed by sharp prickles where the skin parted, and then the deep, throbbing pain of bone-deep trauma. The pieces of the box cutter clattered to the floor amid a shower of crimson droplets. "Shit, shit, shit," she hissed under her breath. This was bad. She knew it was worse than any other cut she'd received because her fingertips were already feeling pinched and burning. Her nerves were screaming from her shoulder on down to her hurt hand. Moving as quickly as she dared, Bella bundled her sweatshirt into a wad of fabric in front and then clamped down against it to staunch the flow of blood from the wounds. "Excuse me, could somebody help me to my car, please?" Bella's voice sounded tinny and thin as if it had travelled over a poor phone connection. Morty heard and responded first. All the men had experienced or treated knife cuts from hunting or fishing trips, however they weren't well versed in treating 19 year old girls on the verge of slipping into shock. "I got her, I got her. Tim, help me get her to the truck. Let's see if that Cullen guy knows what he's doing. We've got a patient for him, I think." The scent of fresh blood hung like a rust-tinged haze in the Ford pick-up. Bella was wedged between Morty and Tim. Her face felt ice cold but her hand was on fire. Her sweatshirt was already soaked with blood. She looked down woozily. It looked like she was holding her hand against a gunshot or stab wound to the belly. She hoped her father didn't see her like this. He would have a heart attack first and ask questions later. It was a short drive to the hospital. Once there, Morty and Tim helped her inside and into one of the black vinyl chairs that lined the small waiting room. The receptionist gasped in horror and reached for the phone. "No need to panic, Betty. She just done and cut her fingers. It's bad but not quite so bad as it looks. We figured Doctor Cullen could stitch her up right quick, what do you think?" "Oh, absolutely. We'll take her back to a room right away." Bella tried to wave away the wheel chair that the nurse brought out for her, but he wasn't about to buckle when her face was as white as a sheet. Morty and Tim waited until she was settled before wishing her luck and heading back out to the truck. She offered them a watery smile and the best 'thank you' she could muster. She decided that once she could hold a spoon again she would bake them some cookies or brownies. It wasn't fair that this Doctor Cullen character was getting all of the benefits of domestic gratitude and the other men were left in the cold. They were a bit rough around the edges, sure, but for the most part they were a kind-hearted and chivalrous bunch. Bella tilted her head back and breathed slowly in through her nose and out through her mouth. The bleeding had slowed somewhat, but the light-headed feeling still persisted. The nurse asked her some simple questions about her medical history and the accident as he measured and wrote down her vitals. "Well, Ms. Swan, Doctor Cullen will be here in just a few moments to look at that hand. I'll be right back with a bottle of water. You look like you could use it." She