Hmmm. I seem to write a lot of one-shots. Maybe I have commitment issues. This little supernatural tale was written for the Straight Thru The Heart Contest (2016) and I never got around to posting it on my own profile. Beta'd by Ninkita. Of course. Because she's awesome. The Lovers' Garden "This isn't right," Bella mumbled as she checked her compass and turned her map a few degrees to the right. The red circle that marked her destination was only two miles away. She was pretty certain that she should have come across the trail by now. She took a long drink from her CamelBak, stuffed her map into her back pocket and kept walking. If she didn't reach the trail in ten minutes, she planned to head downhill. There was a forest service road three miles west of her position. It would take longer and force her to travel twice as far to reach her destination, but it would also get her safely back on track. If the place truly existed, that is. Bella, a junior in college, was majoring in Forestry and Wildlife Management. While her classmates were cutting loose in Cabo or Palm Beach, she was on the final day of a week-long hike across the Olympic Peninsula. She had mapped out a winding route that passed by a glacier lake, an abandoned Indian village and, finally, a rumored lovers' garden built on the slopes of Mount Olympus. She already had hundreds of gorgeous photos documenting her first two stops. Now she was looking for the third. The blog post describing the location had been a bit ambiguous, so she was on high alert for any clues. Bella had been an avid hiker her whole life, disappearing for hours at a time into the woods behind her childhood home carrying nothing more than a backpack filled with the basics: water, homemade trail mix, flashlight, whistle, knife, compass and a black garbage bag. She had only gotten lost a handful of times, usually because she became distracted by her daydreams and hadn't taken note of landmarks as she walked. One time she had spent the night alone in the woods, her knife clutched tightly in her right hand, while her left hand held the bag closed around her shoulders to trap her body heat. Her father had found her soon after dawn, laughing at her bedraggled appearance to cover the very real fear and relief in his eyes. After that incident, Bella was always careful to plan her route and schedule check-in points with her dad when she went on longer hikes. She had tried hiking with other students but found that few of her peers had the same enthusiasm for sleeping in the dirt and traipsing over rocky ridges that she did. Despite that, she enjoyed trading stories with other nature enthusiasts. She chatted easily with other hikers she met on her trips, and was an active member of several forums and blogs, detailing her routes, the sights, hazards and photo opportunities as she discovered them. When she reached the western edge of the mountains, Bella planned to head north along the 101 to Forks, her hometown, where she would get a much-needed shower and have dinner with her dad. The next morning he was going to drive her back to Bremerton where she could take a ferry across to Seattle, then ride a bus up to the apartment she shared with three other female students in North Seattle. This kind of one-way expedition allowed her to explore more trails and see more of the mountains she loved than the typical out-and-back or loop hikes in the guide books. Bella often started on one trail, struck out across the wild terrain for miles, then rejoined another trail further along her planned route. "Thank goodness," she sighed in relief when she slipped between a cluster of Douglas Firs and stepped onto a narrow but worn footpath. The trail was the upper leg of a popular hiking route, but few day hikers bothered to climb so high, preferring to stop for photos and picnic lunches at a picturesque waterfall four miles from the trailhead. Bella didn't intend to go that far down the mountain yet; she was going to leave the trail long before she reached the falls. If what she had read on the other hiker's blog was correct, there was a creek bisecting the trail very close to a turn-off that would lead her to the garden entrance. The spring thaw created many rivulets and streams, but Bella knew immediately when she had found the correct one. Some romantic soul had built a bridge over the creek, small but gracefully arched, and painted it brick red. The stream was quick and murky with silt, but Bella could see how carefully the bridge-builder had shored up the wooden structure with chunks of native granite. The flecks of quartz and mica glistened in the late morning sun. Bella stopped by the stream, stripped off her pack and dug out her camera. She took several pictures of the bridge itself, and many more of the stream, with the sunlight glimmering across its rippled surface. Bella tossed back a handful of trail mix, washed it down with a few sips from her straw, then pressed on, more slowly now, examining the left side of the trail for the turn-off. She almost missed it. If she hadn't been so familiar with the native plants, she would have overlooked it for sure. Bella's sharp eyes settled on a clump of delicate ferns intermixed with clusters of pink and white flowers. "Bleeding hearts. Of course," Bella murmured with a quiet laugh, stroking the flowers gently with her fingertips. There must have been a trail in the past, but it was overgrown now, the bleeding hearts and decorative ferns seeding, spreading and filling in the space over the years. Not wanting to damage them, Bella left the trail a couple of paces further down and walked parallel to the overgrown path. Soon she came across another stream, also spanned by a hand-built bridge. Beyond the bridge was a path made from crushed granite. Bella stepped onto the picturesque walkway, breathing a bit more rapidly in her excitement. She guessed that the blogger hadn't given specific directions or coordinates for a reason. He or she had wanted to share the beauty of the discovery, but didn't want it overrun by visitors the way so many other places had been in recent years. Bella pushed aside a curtain of hanging moss and gasped. The lovers' garden was not just a rumor. She was looking into a small clearing. In the center stood a marble Aphrodite, bare feet stepping out of a cresting wave, bold and shapely, clothed in nothing more than her flowing hair. Bella raised her camera and snapped several pictures before stepping closer. The goddess of love stood with eyes lowered modestly, but a coy smirk about her lips, as if she knew exactly what effect she had on men. Bella felt herself blush at the obvious eroticism of the sculpture, wondering how it came to be placed in this clearing, high up on the mountainside. The white gravel path continued around the statue and out of the north side of the clearing. Bella caught another glimpse of white through the trees and went to explore further. The second clearing held a statue depicting Perseus' rescue of Andromeda, the maiden clinging to his muscular frame as Hermes' winged helmet carried them both to safety. Bella took almost a dozen pictures, marveling at the perfection of the sculptor's art; the way the lovers' bodies twined together, so lifelike she could almost see them breathing. Caught up in the beauty and mystery of the place, Bella drifted on, no longer paying attention to which direction she was walking. She found several other statues. One was a woman bathing, the water funneled from the nearby stream into a series of marble pools, her stone hands cupped to gather the water as it cascaded down a short rocky fall. Another depicted a couple chasing each other and laughing, the man's hand on the woman's shoulder, his fingers hooked in her robe, pulling it away to expose one soft, curved shoulder. To watch these figures undressing each other, their amorous intent so clear, made Bella's skin flush warm and pink with arousal. She hadn't ever felt that burst of lust, that moment of wanton abandon, with anybody. The tranquility of the garden slowed time itself, and Bella walked dream-like down the path. Here and there, she found carvings on the trees, names and initials joined indefinitely in the living wood. She read them as she passed and wondered how many lovers had found their way here to announce their commitment, and maybe reaffirm it in a mossy hollow or on one of the low marble benches that sat here and there along the winding pathways. She came to a shallow staircase, the rough stones made soft and slippery by years of accumulated moss. Bella found herself looking down on a small, circular amphitheater, the grassy floor bisected by six paths. Each path was flanked by a pair of larger-than-life nude statues, their hands joined and raised so that a person could walk between them to reach the recessed stage. The statues were enchanting, but the figure on the stage itself captured her attention completely. It was a muscular man, armed with a copper bow and arrow, wings sprouting from his broad shoulders. His robe was swept back by the speed of his flight, his sandaled feet barely touching the earth. Bella saw how the shadow of his fully drawn arrow jutted out across the ground in front of him. It ended in a point at a white stone capped with oxidized copper. Several other stones formed a semicircle around the front of the statue. It only took a moment for Bella to realize what she was looking at. The winged archer was the centerpiece for a giant sundial, and it was almost midday. Stepping carefully down the steps, Bella finally stood before one of the static couples and examined them frankly. The white marble was redolent of Greek statues she had seen in history books, but the anatomy of the male was far closer to realistic proportions than the prepubescent style so characteristic of ancient sculptures. And, unlike museum pieces, their features expressed pure emotion, as if they had been captured in the middle of a private conversation, frozen in the act of mutual seduction. The male figure had a sense of intense purpose in his stare, and his partner stood with her lips parted, breathing him in. Their fingers were intertwined, interlocking, their bodies poised to take the first step in a dance as old as the human race. Bella felt self-conscious as she slipped between them, drawing closer to the winged Eros. "You cheap, mother-fucking piece of shit!" Bella squeaked in alarm and spun around. She hadn't heard or seen another human being since she had left the main path, mistakenly assuming that she was alone in the garden. She was simultaneously terrified and embarrassed, wondering if this man had witnessed her careful examination of the nude statues. When she picked his form out from the shadow of the trees on the upper rim of the theater, Bella realized he was as oblivious to her presence as she had been to his. He was tall and slender, dressed for a day hike, with a worn black backpack at his feet. The reason for his outburst became clear as she got closer. He had been attempting to mark a tree when his small knife blade snapped. He was trying to gouge at the bark with the stub of blunted metal, but soon threw it on the ground in disgust. "Excuse me?" Bella interrupted his expletive-riddled rant cautiously. "Do you want to borrow mine?" The young man spun around in