All characters and plot developments belong to Stephenie Meyer. This chapter corresponds to Breaking Dawn Book 1 Chapter 2 - Long Night "I miss you already," Bella murmured against my lips. We lay, intertwined on her small bed, with a thick blanket between us to protect her from the coolness of my skin. Bella had removed my shirt long ago and now her left hand rested against my lower back spreading vibrant warmth and energy through my core. Her father slept in the next room, ignorant of my presence this night and almost every night since I had returned to Forks. "I don't need to leave. I can stay. . ." I could not believe how time stood still while our lips were joined, and yet time still traveled too quickly. "Mmmm." That simple sound was so delicious that I gave up on speaking. Our mouths communicated more fluently than words. Mine, hard and unforgiving, and hers, soft and sweet and sensual. They spoke of passion and need and the immeasurable love we shared. I opened my eyes, fascinated by the tiny blood vessels visible beneath the thin skin of her eyelids, the lush black lashes that fluttered where they rested against her flushed cheeks, and the thick, dark hair that framed her heart-shaped face. Bella's eyes opened as our lips parted with a gentle sigh. I drowned in her eyes, but drowning was a fate I embraced. I sank deeper and deeper, seeing the purity of her spirit, her goodness, her indomitable strength and courage. Every time I looked into her eyes, I fell in love again. With her fingers buried in my hair, she pulled my face back to hers. Our lips renewed their spontaneous dance. "Definitely staying," I managed to whisper several heartbeats later. "No, no. It's your bachelor party. You have to go." Her words were at odds with her body language. While she spoke, the fingers of her right hand twisted in my hair and her other hand pressed against the small of my back, holding me tightly against her. I stroked her face carefully, trying to find the perfect analogy for the feeling of her skin under my fingertips. There were no words to do it justice. "Bachelor parties are designed for those who are sad to see the passing of their single days. I couldn't be more eager to have mine behind me. So there's really no point." This modern human tradition of gathering the male family members and friends together for a night of drunkenness and debauchery sounded neither fun nor attractive. Jasper and Emmett had been guarding their thoughts carefully, but I was fairly certain Alice and Rosalie would not stand for that type of revelry either. "True." Bella agreed. She seemed happy with my reasoning. Her warm breath on my throat sealed my decision. I was not leaving her bed unless I was forcefully removed. Bella ran her hand softly down my body, her fingertips tracing the muscles of my chest and stomach. Her touch was feather-light and warm, sending a jolt of electricity through my frame. My lips quickly found hers. Her tongue brushed across my bottom lip, delicious, tantalizing. I could not resist the sweet taste or the softness that caressed my mouth so invitingly. But I had to. I pulled back slightly, giving both of us space, however her hands gripped my bare shoulders. I stopped, surprised. "Wait," she said, pressing her body against mine. I felt her leg wrap around my waist, drawing me closer to her. The heat emanating from her body was doing strange things to me. I was starting to have trouble concentrating on anything other than the feel of her embrace. "Practice makes perfect," she continued. Chuckling softly I replied, "Well, we should be fairly close to perfection by this point, then, shouldn't we? Have you slept at all in the last month?" We had spent every night in each other's arms, kissing, talking softly about our plans, our families, our favorite books and music. I worried about how little she was sleeping, but whenever I pressed the subject she found another topic that she just had to question me about. It was gratifying to me that she didn't want to miss anything. That she wanted to spend every moment with me. My heart thrilled with the overwhelming love I felt for her and the intense pleasure of having it returned. "But this is the dress rehearsal, and we've only practiced certain scenes. It's no time for playing it safe," Bella purred with a playful smile on her lips. My breath caught in my throat. Her voice was like smooth velvet, soft and seductive. I wanted her so deeply, that every fiber of my being ached with the need. Self-control had never caused me so much pain. This desire was more primal than the hunt, more forceful than the sharpest thirst. I hungered for this with a fierce intensity that blinded me. It terrified me. How could I control this beast inside of me? I had almost surrendered to the monster within that thirsted for her blood. My self-control had been tested to its absolute limit, and only luck and the love of my family had saved Bella's life then. How could I control this titanic craving? "Bella. . . ," I whispered, struggling to focus on speaking those two short syllables. "Don't start this again. A deal's a deal." There was an edge of frustration in her voice. I was frozen. The heat of our embrace chilled me now. "I don't know. It's too hard to concentrate when you're with me like this." I could barely complete my sentence, desperately grasping at the words as my mind raced down long worn paths of fear and panic. "I—I can't think straight. I won't be able to control myself. You'll get hurt." I was rushing now, trying to make her see just how desperate I was feeling. "I'll be fine," she reassured me. How could she know? She had no idea of the battle I faced every second we spent together. She could not possibly understand how fragile she felt in my arms. How could she be so confident in my control when I was walking on the blade-thin edge of self-restraint? "Bella. . ." I was almost pleading with her now, panic plain on my face. "Shh!" Her lips pressed against mine once again, her determination, or obstinacy, breaking briefly through my concentration. I cautiously returned her kiss before pulling back with a wry smile. "How are your feet?" I joked, desperate to redirect where this was going. "Toasty warm," she smiled, rubbing her right foot gently along my calf. My self-control was dealt another small blow. I grasped at conversation as my lifeline now. "Really? No second thoughts? It's not too late to change your mind," I pressed, although with Bella I knew it was fruitless. "Are you trying to ditch me?" Her tone was playful, but I detected a hint of annoyance in her words. I chuckled again. "Just making sure. I don't want you to do anything you're not sure about." Her reply was immediate, a stubborn set to her chin. "I'm sure about you. The rest I can live through." Can you? Will you? I quickly squashed that train of thought and redirected the conversation to another subject we had both agonized over for weeks and months. "Can you?" I spoke out loud this time. "I don't mean the wedding, which I am positive you will survive despite your qualms, but afterward. . . what about Renee, what about Charlie?" She sighed. I watched her eyebrows pull together slightly with hidden pain, her brown eyes were troubled as she murmured, "I'll miss them." "Angela and Ben and Jessica and Mike." I pressed on, dredging up the trappings of her human life that she seemed so determined to abandon. "I'll miss my friends, too," she replied. And then I saw her smile, her voice teasing. "Especially Mike. Oh, Mike! How will I go on?" I growled low in my throat, pretending to be jealous. She laughed quickly at my response, but the humor was gone almost instantly. "Edward, we've been through this and through this. I know it will be hard, but this is what I want. I want you, and I want you forever. One lifetime is simply not enough for me." "Frozen forever at eighteen," I whispered. She could not know how the spirit stagnated when physical change ceased. She could not understand how the changes and aging of the human body were so closely interlinked with the growth and maturation of the mind. Even physical pain and injury could shape the longevity and fortitude of spirit that makes a person stronger. Without struggle and strife, what catalyst was there to drive you forward? Vampires, once changed, were frozen in more ways than the physical. . . "Every woman's dream come true," she teased. I was not being facetious and her light tone hurt. Melancholy settled over me as I thought of another sacrifice I knew she would be making. She brushed off the loss of friends and family so easily, but how could she deny her birthright as a woman? I knew from Esme's and Rosalie's heartbreak that sacrificing motherhood was a burden I did not want Bella to carry. She may not realize it now, but at what point would she register her loss? How would she look at me then, once it had already been stolen from her? "Never changing. . . never moving forward." If she could only see what I was trying to show her. I desperately wanted her to understand but I could not bring myself to lay all my concerns before her. "What does that mean?" My tone and manner had finally sunk through her forced cheer. I answered her slowly, gauging her reaction. "Do you remember when we told Charlie we were getting married? And he thought you were. . . pregnant?" "And he thought about shooting you," she laughed. "Admit it—for one second, he honestly considered it." The image of a shotgun had crossed his mind, but I felt no humor at the thought. I prepared myself for my confession, completely unsure of how Bella would react. "What, Edward?" Bella pressed. "I just wish. . . well, I wish that he'd been right." "Gah," she gasped. He cheeks blushed red and her eyes opened wider with surprise. I knew that wasn't going to come out right. It wasn't that I wished Bella was really pregnant. Then. But the thought of her standing next to me, her hand held protectively over the swell of her stomach, was a dream I knew I would never have. "More that there was some way he could have been, that we had the potential. I hate taking that away from you, too." I would never hear the flutter of a tiny heart, or see her belly grow with the miracle of a new life. I would never sit with her thumbing through a book of names, matching them with 'Cullen' to find the perfect combination. I would never sit by her side, rocking a tiny being in my arms while she slept. This was one gift I would never give her. A taste of humanity I would never share. While I could accept that loss for myself, stealing that future from the one woman I loved above all else was the most black-hearted theft imaginable. Her eyes searched my face for a full minute before she responded. "I know what I'm doing." "How could you know that, Bella? Look at my mother, look at my sister. It's not as easy a sacrifice as you might imagine." "Esme and Rosalie get by just fine. If it's a problem later, we can do what Esme did—we'll adopt." I sighed. Esme and Rosalie did NOT get by just fine. They hid their pain well from the