Red Eyed Edward Contest: 1st Place Judges Vote Thank you to everyone who played a part in this contest. Thank you most of all to Ninkita ... You made this a better story. You make me a better writer. Thank you, hun! Summary: Bella returns to Forks for her junior year of high school, living with her father as she has every second year since her parents' divorce. Her emotional isolation threatens to overwhelm her, then she senses a mysterious force drawing her deep into the shadows of an abandoned graveyard. The force emanates from a standing stone. . . the gateway to her destiny. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I like walking. It gives me time to explore. Time to find and appreciate all the hidden beauty of this tiny town. That was irony, in case you missed it. My hometown: Forks, Washington. Population 3,187. Give or take a few. Forks doesn't feel like home, but neither does Phoenix, although I would choose blue skies over gray in a heartbeat. One foot in the rain, one in the sun. The frustrating reality of growing up a child of divorce. It's my dad's year. My cold, wet, rainy year. At least I can guarantee sunshine at my high school graduation. For now, I'll make it my mission to learn every street and mailbox, every moss-draped tree, every dilapidated porch swing with its mandatory floral cushion harboring a colony of black mold spores. Come next summer, I plan to fly back to the sun and never look back. I walk home from school a different way every day. I memorize each house and yard, taking special note of the junkers in the driveways and the hand-carved signs hung out to advertise familial pride in the ramshackle tenements. By the end of September, I've covered every possible route, twisting left and right through the grid of narrow streets and duplex ramblers. The wind is a damp, cold breath flowing in from the ocean; an effluvium of seaweed, mud and moss-damp pine. I take it in, picking apart the scents, a patchwork quilt of memories. Fishing trips, tide pools, campfires and walks through primeval forests draped in curtains of eerie green. I stop at an intersection. Home, my father's house, is off to the right. Just two blocks away. Drab yellow siding, charcoal asphalt shingles and the police cruiser in the driveway. It's still light. I turn left. My detour takes me past an abandoned orchard, apples hanging brown and shriveled from the gnarled branches. Lichen and fungus clamber like coral up the trunks and branches, thriving in the waterlogged habitat. I tuck my dripping hair back under my hood and walk on. The fence changes from weathered split-rail to rusty metal. Corroded iron mounted in crumbling stone, the mortar falling prey to decades of neglect, just like everything else here. I look between the posts to see marble markers, crab grass and tangled thistles half-buried in moldering leaves. Curious and bored, I enter the abandoned cemetery. I stop. Something calls to me. It hums inside of me. A heat. A vibration. A beacon. . . I pick my way between the stones, reading names long forgotten. William J. Barney. . . Mariah Churchill. . . Zachariah something beginning with a 'T', his last name erased by time and the elements. The feeling, the knot of energy beneath my ribs, guides me further back, further in. Near the southernmost edge of the fenced lot, an ancient fir tree grows. Its limbs hang tired and heavy, fingers dragging in the mud. From between its dark green needles, a glimpse of white catches my eye. The pull gets stronger. It would be so easy to let it possess my body, carry me marionette-like to its source. A tiny voice within me tells me to turn around and leave. To run away. To leave before it's too late, before I lose what little free will I still possess. I dislike being told what to do, where to go. I always have. But every year I am a ping pong ball, bouncing back and forth between vastly different parents who love me but are too stubborn to admit that this arrangement isn't working. It never worked. It couldn't work. They wanted to share me 50/50 and chose Solomon's sword to make it fair. Fair for everyone but me. I ask myself, "Run where? To what? From what?" And that's the clincher. Curiosity wins. As I enter the oldest section of the cemetery, the grave markers change from simple marble placards to upright stones and carved crosses. One statue, an angel weeping, hovers over a tiny raised sarcophagus. The blackened mortar that fills the seam between case and lid is chipped and gaping. I imagine that I can simply peek between the slabs to view the bones of the deceased child. Icy fingers scratch down my spine. Pulling my jacket tight against the chills, I skirt around the mourning edifice. My circular path brings me to the deeply rooted guardian tree. I part its branches with a steady hand and find myself standing before a breathtaking work of art. The monolith seems to have been carved from a single piece of marble. If it wasn't, the work was so expertly executed that I cannot see any sign of a joint or seam. It towers above me, taller than a man, at least seven feet high and three feet in diameter. Like a massive crystal birthed from a vein of cooling magma, it juts up from the earth, an opaque prism tapering suddenly near the top. The pinnacle is capped with a Gaelic cross, the whorls and channels blackened by years of pine needles gathering in its crevices and rotting away. The runoff has stained the stone in rivulets of gray and brown. I walk around the monument, fascinated and curious. It is so different from every other memorial stone here. It belongs in a European graveyard amid the tombs of fallen kings, not this backwater logging town. My toe catches on a solid object, mostly buried beneath the thick blanket of castoff needles. With one booted foot, I scrape away the sodden material to reveal a marble plaque, filthy and discolored but otherwise in excellent condition. I read the words and feel them take hold, worming their way into my bones. Edward Anthony Masen Cullen Born June 20, 1901 Our Beloved Son and Brother, We Will Mourn Your Loss Every Day of This Existence 'Every day of this existence.' It's an odd choice of words, even for a decades-old tombstone. And there is no dash nor date to mark his departure from this world. I circle the monolith once more, then reach out, placing my hand flat against the north face. The stone hums beneath my hand. Resonant and warm, the feeling echos in my bones, shaking loose the ennui and apathy that have caused my heart and mind to stagnate all these years. I am alarmed, but I don't pull away. I step closer. With both hands pressed against the icy marble face, I feel it. The pull of the tides. The heat of the sun cresting the horizon. The rush of the blood within my veins. I hold my breath until I am giddy and lightheaded. This is life. This is what it feels like to belong. To be wanted. To have the essence of my being cradled and treasured within something greater than myself. It tells me I am home. Home. Home. . . . As the light fails, I drag myself away. I feel colder already, no longer sheltered beneath the fir tree. The pull is still there, but it weakens as I walk away. I miss it. I vow to return tomorrow after school. Edward Anthony Masen Cullen. . . I wonder who he was and how he died. I wonder if his family's descendants still live in or around Forks. I do not recognize the name, but a lot can happen in a couple generations. Perhaps they moved away, or the name disappeared with the death of the last male descendant. With a bit of sleuthing, I know I can find answers. ~*~ MONOLITH ~*~ "Bella, wait up!" Mike calls, running to catch me before I step into the crosswalk. "Hey, Mike," I greet him politely. My sporadic attendance, here one year, gone the next, creates a tense and shaky bond with my peers. I am neither fish nor fowl. Not a new kid, but not in any crowd or clique. Mike is one of the 'popular' kids, or as popular as you can be ruling a class that never quite reaches triple digits. "Where are you off to?" "Home. Chores," I lie, mildly surprised at how easy it is. I've never practiced lying. I don't often have cause to speak, let alone say something false. "That bites. We're all heading to Crowley's house to play Call of Duty." "I'm not really into board games," I say. "It's actually a video game. On the Xbox," he explains, trailing off as I start across the street. I wave back over my shoulder, dismissing his attempts to include me. I know what an Xbox is, but I really don't care at this moment. Now that I am walking toward the cemetery, the strange pull has returned. It is almost insistent. It quickens my steps and my heart rate. I am nearly jogging as I pass the old orchard, the scent of fermentation and mold sour in my throat. My eager, searching eyes find it, and I stop, my hands gripping the corroded iron bars for support. Solid white and quiet, it lurks in the shadows. I should be frightened. That would be the normal reaction. After all, this is a graveyard. A place for ghosts and ghouls. But I'm not normal. I never have been. I've never fit in with my peers. It seems a little late to start trying now. Rather than being fearful, I feel curious and hungry, missing the hum of the stone's energy feeding my soul. I enter through the gate and walk straight to the tree. My eyes never drop, but my steps are sure, somehow moving over and around clumps of grass and grave markers without tripping. It is almost magnetic, the way it draws me in. I smile as I slip beneath the hanging boughs. I let my backpack slide from my shoulders. I unzip my raincoat and hang it from a bare, brittle branch. My hands land on the cool stone and I laugh, relieved to be back within its embrace. The buzzing hum. . . it makes my blood simmer in my veins. I want to fall into the feeling. I step closer. Closer. Until I can rest my cheek against the stone. I lose myself. I don't know where the hours go, but it is dark, and I am late. Feeling cold inside already, I grab my jacket and bag and run home. "Hey there, Bella. Where've you been?" my dad asks from his spot in front of the television. "Oh, I dropped by Tyler Crowley's house after school to work on a project, then me and my friends lost track of time. Video games, you know. I'm sorry. Have you already eaten?" "There's pizza on the counter. Dig in," he says, nodding toward the kitchen. "Thanks, Dad," I smile. Inside I'm quaking as I help myself to two slices of pepperoni and sausage deep-dish pizza. I need to be more careful. My dad's a cop. One slip up is no big deal. But if it happens again, he'll question me until he finds out the truth. What is the truth? I don't even know. I've found something. Something beautiful and tantalizing. Something inexplicable, but wonderful. I've found something magical. . . and I don't want to share. I hurry through my homework,