Contest Entry for the 2014 Mistletoe Contest EdMazingC's (Host) top pick **THANKS** Thank you, Ninkita, for being my last minute Beta and helping me get it cleaned up and ready to post. Twilly, I absolutely love the banner. Thanks for sharing your amazing talent! If you didn't get a chance to read the other entries, check them out. There are some really INCREDIBLE authors and storytellers here. Thanks to everyone who read and voted in the contest! The rain is threatening to shatter my windshield and everything is a shadowed blur of green and black. I hate driving - especially in the rain, at night, on a winding road. I'm dreading reaching my destination but I can't avoid it. And yet, perverse as it seems, I'm drawn to it. I don't even know if he'll be there, although it seems likely. My mom and Aunt Esme have celebrated Christmas jointly since before I can remember. She's been like a second mother to me my entire life. I don't see why that would change, even though Esme is married now. Married to Edward's father. My God, I'm insane to be obsessing over my sort-of step-brother-cousin. I really am a complete mess. It's my nature to begin with, but this last year has tortured me. I grip the steering wheel tightly and ease off the gas as I hit another turn – another slippery leaf-strewn death-trap of a turn. The closer I get, the faster my heart beats, the shallower my breathing becomes, the more I want to turn around and flee. I'm hyperventilating and I know it but that doesn't help me stop. If anything it makes it worse. I creep through the nearly deserted streets of my hometown. It's after 10 pm on December 23rd and everything is closed. Everyone with any sense is at home, dry and warm. Miles outside of town I finally reach the turn off to Aunt Esme's house. The formerly rutted, overgrown lane has been trimmed, groomed, and spread with fresh gravel. The crushed rock glows a ghostly gray wherever it peeks out from beneath the leaves and pine needles. It's one of many changes since Doctor Carlisle Cullen rescued my aunt from advanced spinsterhood. I approve of him. Of course I do. How could I not? Seeing her glow with joy, loving and being loved, looking decades younger than her 58 years. . . How could I not love the man who made her smile like that? And my mom and dad think he's great, too. Finally, my dad has a 'bro' to hang with while the 'girls' get drunk off spiced cider and hot-buttered rum every Christmas. The only shadow that gives me pause is the presence of Carlisle's son, Edward. He is gorgeous, intelligent, polite and as cold and stiff as a day old corpse. . . except when he isn't. And that's why I'm terrified to arrive, but still careening down the narrow lane much faster than my eight year old Civic should really be driven. I brake harder than I intend to when I burst from the cover of the forest into the clearing that rings Aunt Esme's colonial inspired house. I say house but it's practically a mansion. I skid a little on the gravel, my tires fish-tailing alarmingly. I tap the brakes gently. I carefully park on the far side of the house, as far away as possible from the silver Volvo hatchback that sits conspicuously in the front driveway. It's Edward's car. Now I know he's here and my heart rate spikes again. I don't exit my car immediately. I'm still shaking. There are lights shining from every floor of the three-story home. It looks so bright and welcoming. My eyes pick out subtle differences. It's been repainted recently, there is a new cedar trellis for the climbing rose and the ivy has been cleared away from the foundation. More of Carlisle's influence, of course. I remember so many summer days and holidays spent climbing through the attic, exploring empty rooms, crawling between sheet-draped furniture, sifting through piles of books and artwork and baskets of craft supplies or playing dress up in front of the ornate mirror in one of the guestrooms. I never realized I was just rattling around like a wooden doll in an oversized dollhouse. When I was a child it was a wonderland for my imagination; a giant playground for an active girl trapped inside by the incessant rain. As I got older I began to wonder why Aunt Esme lived in such an enormous house all by herself. The first floor was like a luxury mansion; high ceilings, polished wood floors, plush carpet in the recessed family room, a kitchen big enough to cook a banquet for 100 guests and a spiral staircase beckoning you to explore the second and third floors. The bedrooms on the second floor were beautiful with four-poster beds and carved wooden dressers. Esme designated one room as mine for visits and sleepovers. When I was little it was overflowing with dolls, stuffed animals and pillows. I didn't even have a bed then. I just slept on the floor surrounded by my furry friends. When I turned eleven she ordered me a canopy bed and I begged my mom to let me sleep over for a whole week, drifting off each night to dreams of princesses and knights and mythical adventures. The bed is still there but I'm in my mid-twenties now. The dollhouse and accessories are in the attic. All but a few very special stuffed animals have been donated. I know when I climb those stairs tonight that the sheets will be freshly washed, the comforter folded back, and there will be a small box wrapped in gold foil paper on the pillow. Aunt Esme has given me a new pair of earrings every Christmas since I had my ears pierced when I turned eight. I am comforted by our traditions. It is change that makes me grind my teeth. Instead of four bodies round the table it will be six. Instead of Dad disappearing into the TV room while us girls talk and laugh and drink, we will be evenly matched - three men, three women. Well, Dad and Mom, Esme and Carlisle will be evenly matched. Edward and I. . . I don't know. Aunt Esme started dating Doctor Cullen soon after he moved to Forks. She has always borne the brunt of this small town's penchant for gossip and speculation. Living alone and unmarried, yet polished, sophisticated and wealthy; she is a poor fit for this logging town although nobody outside of our family knows why that is so. They don't know that she left Forks at the age of 17 to be a companion to an elderly lady on the east coast. She traveled the world, learned other languages, experienced culture, art and music. She attended operas and theatricals in all the great venues of the world. She devoted almost a decade of her youth to the entertainment and comfort of an eccentric but wealthy foreign lady named Didyme Adessi. When Didyme passed away she left a large portion of her estate to my aunt. As a child, I loved to hear Aunt Esme's stories of the fantastical adventures she experienced as a young woman. Her hazel eyes would flash and glow with joy and enchantment as she relived those memories. I didn't understand why she chose to return to her hometown after seeing everything the world had to offer. Well, maybe I do get it. My mom and her older sister were inseparable as children and they haven't really changed. I don't think they could live without each other. Every Thanksgiving we gather in my parents' tiny kitchen and eat until we can barely move. Every Christmas we decorate Aunt Esme's house with lights and garlands, eat too much, drink too much, sleep too much, and extend the revelry over as many days as possible. When my dad doesn't have to work, he lets loose a little bit. When he has to stay sober he just shakes his head and smirks as my mom and Aunt Esme dissolve into giggling immaturity. Last Christmas was different and I hated it. Esme invited Carlisle and his son to join us. Edward brought his fiancé. Rosalie Hale looked like a super model, but she wasn't. She was an obstetrician who worked in the same hospital as him. At five foot ten and only 130 pounds, she was graceful, poised, brilliant, stylish; the perfect woman. She and Edward were evenly matched while I was the ugly step sister. While they were there I forced myself to eat more slowly. I cut my meat into tiny pieces. I only ate one slice of pie. I sipped my wine. Then I snuck downstairs in the middle of the night to offset the calorie deficit that built up over the course of each day. On Christmas Eve last year, a slightly tipsy Esme and a smiling Carlisle went around the house hanging sprigs of Mistletoe. I hate that obnoxious, parasitic weed. I tried to ignore them but my mom and Aunt Esme kept staging opportunities to capture kisses from their men. Edward and Rosalie were noticeably disinclined to join in the newly minted 'excessive PDA' tradition. Carlisle was warm and outgoing, asking me about the bookstore I opened three years ago in Port Angeles with a hefty loan from my aunt. He kept my wine glass full at meal times and kept us all talking about our memories, our town and all the things we loved about it. Edward barely said a word. Rosalie never opened her mouth except to slip a miniscule scrap of food between her perfectly painted lips. After Christmas dinner, Rosalie escaped as soon as social customs allowed; presumably to purge her stomach and perform hours of yoga in the guest room Esme set up for her. I was in the kitchen preparing apple-quince tarts from a recipe I discovered in a vintage cookbook when I remembered the packet of fresh nutmeg seeds I had purchased in Seattle. It was nestled in the side pocket of my duffel bag. I wiped my hands on my apron, dusted myself off and headed for the stairs. Edward was descending them and we were a hairbreadth away from passing one another when my aunt called out, "Uh, uh, uh. You're under the mistletoe! Let's see a kiss!" Sure enough, Carlisle had managed to hang a particularly large bunch of mistletoe from the chandelier above the base of the stairs. I remember spinning and staring with shell-shocked betrayal at the grinning quartet in the living room. When I looked back at Edward, his expression was inscrutable. But he didn't decline. He stood there in his freshly pressed slacks and crisp shirt and just looked at me. I was wearing an apron over my peasant skirt and blue blouse. My hair was frizzy with perspiration and escaping from my braid in wisps and straggles. I was hungry and cranky and not nearly drunk enough to kiss a near-perfect, but ice-cold stranger, especially before an audience. And I didn't kiss him. But he kissed me . He stepped toward me. His hands, graceful but strong, framed my face – cool skin against burning cheeks. His right hand slid down my cheek to cup my neck, his fingertips in my hair and his thumb putting gentle pressure against my jaw, tipping my chin up toward him. He tilted his head ever so slightly to one side and lowered his face until nothing separated us but a breath, a pause, an embarrassed silence. And then his mouth brushed against mine, silk and velvet, so soft and gentle. He pulled away after the briefest pause, my name a whisper on his lips. And then the cold veil of indifference slipped back into place. I was stunned. With flaming cheeks, I fled up the