A/N: The funny thing about writer's block, for me at least, is that when I run into a roadblock with one set of characters, a thousand new plot bunnies pop up like mushrooms. Take this one, for example. It's a little different, self-contained, but not your normal love story. Despite the absence of an HEA, I hope you enjoy it! "Here's another one. It's kind of short notice. Next Saturday. Plus one for a family wedding," Jasper laughed, as he scanned the online request. "Not it! Family weddings are the worst." "Unless she's a bridesmaid. They always want a little more than they've paid for," Jasper joked, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. Emmett laughed and held out his hand for Jasper to bump fists. "What are you clowns going on about?" Edward asked, throwing his backpack onto the floor and sinking into Jasper's couch with a groan. "I thought we were supposed to be having a meeting." "We've still got a bunch of business items to address, but we just received another request through the 'Plus One' site, and neither of us is available. You need the money, right?" "When is it?" Edward asked, stifling a yawn. He'd barely slept the night before. The demands of school and hitting their 100% client satisfaction goal for the business often meant he short-changed himself on sleep. "Next Saturday. She's young, too. Eighteen. You should take it. You can still pass for a college student." "I am a college student." "Graduate school isn't the same thing. You're actually expected to act like a grown-up. No more frat parties for you, Eddie." "Fuck off, Emmett. Tell me about the gig, Jasper. We don't normally get 'em so young. What's her story?" "Mother's getting remarried. The girl, her name is Isabella, wants to arrive with a date and leave with him. Only about four to five hours plus transportation there and back. It's here in the city, so you should still be able to catch up on your beauty sleep." "Unless she wants a little after party of her own," Emmett said, leering at his friend. "She's eighteen. I don't care if it's technically legal, it seems wrong to even consider it." "Come on, Edward. You've devirginized how many girls? It's practically your specialty. You're like fucking Neil Armstrong. First man to walk those untouched plains or some shit like that." "What is your problem today?" Edward glared at him, irritated. "My problem? You're the one who looks like you need a double dose of Prozac. What's the matter? Short on sleep? The insatiable Tanya Greshneva wear you out again?" "Ugh. I swear she's discovered the female equivalent of Viagra. She want's to go for two or three hours straight. I'm just not up for it. Like, literally not up for it. I've had to start getting really creative with toys and stuff. I'd think she was faking it, but I can see and feel it when she comes. It's fucking terrifying. Like a venus flytrap slamming shut," Edward said with a shudder. "And she wails like a banshee. I don't know how much longer I can do this, guys. I know we all need the money, but this had gotten way bigger than any of us ever thought it would. Maybe we need to bring in fresh meat. I'll happily give up a third of my shares if another dude can take on the Russian Rutter. One of these days she's gonna squeeze my dick right off," he finished, rubbing the appendage in question self-consciously. Emmett fell on the floor laughing. Jasper just shot him a sympathetic smile. "I might have one or two guys who would be interested. She's hot, rich and a nymphomaniac. What man wouldn't want to tap that?" "Speaking as the guy who's been tapping that for almost two months, I doubt there are many who could keep up. She's sucking me dry. I feel like I've aged about ten years in under eight weeks. Fucking succubus," he groaned, scrubbing his red-rimmed eyes with the heels of his hands. "So we'll look at expanding the team?" "That's actually the first thing I wanted to bring up. If you two are already maxed out, we'll need to. See, the thing is. . ." Jasper paused, shifting in his chair. "I knew it! It's the cute brunette isn't it?" Emmett crowed from his spot on the floor. "She's been on your schedule almost every single week since she moved here three months ago. That's not a date-for-hire, that's a relationship. She wants you to quit, doesn't she?" "Shut up, it's not like that. She never asked me for anything of the sort. We don't really talk about the business. I. . . I really like Alice. A lot. It doesn't feel right to be with other women. It's like she's always there in my thoughts, just below the surface. I used to enjoy this shit, but now it really is work. Hard work. I hate it." Emmett and Edward just stared. "Don't give me that look." "What look am I giving you"" Emmett asked. "Like I've got two heads." "You do. At least I thought you did. Little Jasper has a headache, huh?" "Fuck you, Emmett." "Or maybe you should say, fuck Alice." "I said it's not like that," Jasper yelled, standing up in a shot. "Quit running your mouth about things you don't understand!" "Whoa, man. Chill. I'm sorry," Emmett said, his voice suddenly serious. "I didn't realize." "Wow," Edward added. "It's like that, huh?" "Yeah. Something like that. We'll see." Jasper sat back down, deflated. He fidgeted with his Rubik's cube, spinning the sides wildly from a rainbow mosaic to solid sides and back again. "So, who did you have in mind?" Emmett asked, rolling over onto his front and starting a set of push ups. "You guys remember Peter?" "Sure. Your friend from Texas," Emmett huffed between reps. "Well, he's moving up here and needs a job. I told him he could crash with me for a while, if he needed a place." "I thought he was getting married." "He was. She ditched him for a guy at work a few weeks before Christmas last year. He moved out, but then he lost his job and fell behind on rent. He's in a bad way. This could be a good opportunity for him while he gets back on his feet. If you guys are okay with it, of course." Emmett shrugged. Edward asked, "Does he know what he's signing up for?" "I haven't told him everything, but he's a smart guy. He's suspected what I do since that mix up last July. He's cool." "Okay. It would be good not to have to turn business away," Edward said. Jasper visibly relaxed, setting his Rubik's cube back on the corner of his desk with a sigh. "Thanks, you guys. Really. And I'll still handle the scheduling, IT and logistics stuff. I won't hang you out to dry." Jasper had been the brains and inspiration behind 'Plus One'. Give women exactly what they want: A hot date, conversation that's centered on them and their interests, enough PDAs to make all of their friends or coworkers jealous, then take them home and fuck their brains out. Stick around long enough to make them breakfast in bed, massage their feet, run them a hot bath, then leave them with a sweet note and piece of gourmet chocolate. The notes always had the same tone. They started out with a thank you, then went on to boost their egos with enough warm fuzzies to power their vibrators for a month. Thank you for sharing yourself with me. I don't think I'll ever forget last night. It wasn't just sex for me. . . Being with you made me feel like the man I've always wanted to be. You will always be a treasured memory. Yours, E (or J or Em) Jasper had the system dialed. He was the one who had procured an off-the-books loan from his uncle to start the endeavor. He wrote the original contracts, making sure they stayed well within the legal boundaries of the state. He designed the website, purchased their clothes, scheduled photo shoots for their profiles and negotiated preferred dining and hotel rates. He even leased three luxury cars to make sure they picked up their clients in style. The response was instantaneous and enthusiastic. The business broke even in less than four months. Jasper understood female psychology so well that success was practically effortless. The three friends were polite, well-dressed and intelligent. Single business-women adored them, took them out for expensive dates and requested their company at glitzy parties and fundraisers. New divorcees got to jump back a decade or more and remember what it felt like to be single and desirable. None of them minded being eye-candy. It felt awesome to be in such high demand. And the sex, when it happened, which was quite frequently, was incredible. Women in their thirties and forties were so different than the girls they had known in highschool and college. Confident. Assertive. Vocal. Really, really vocal. They were all in their twenties, so they drew the line at 45 year olds. Right from the start, they had agreed that a 20-year age gap was wide enough. None of them wanted to sleep with women that were as old as their mothers. Even so, their schedules had been booked solid for more than a year. At least once a month they had to decline bookings because they were already maxed out. Emmett was their Don Juan. It didn't matter what a women looked like. He didn't care if they were tall or short, heavy or skinny. He always found a way to make them smile, danced with them, whispered teasing, flirtatious jokes in their ears. More often than not, they shyly invited him back to their hotel rooms where he proved that size really does make a difference. And he cuddled after fucking. They loved that. Jasper tended to attract the bookish ones. The scientific ones. The introspective, philosophical ones. He was a thinker, but he was also a great listener. The women who craved some intimacy at the end of the night quickly discovered that years of computer programming had given him the dexterity of a pianist. Edward didn't have a type. Well, actually he did, but it wasn't by choice. Somehow he always ended up with the screamers. The loud, expressive, outgoing, controlling, sex-hungry cougars hunted him down. More and more frequently, he had to block off chunks of his calendar just to make sure he could take a break to eat, sleep and study. He was in his third year of medical school and he was burning the candle at both ends. To make matters worse, or better, depending on your perspective, one of his earliest clients had hired him as a gift for her daughter's 21st birthday. On paper, he was supposed to accompany Theresa on her 21-run which started at 12:01 am on her birthday. He was assigned to be the designated driver for the girl and her three best friends, then bring them all back to the mom's condo. What really went down. . . went down. Repeatedly. Then, later that morning, he showed Theresa all the ways a man can make a woman's body bend, tremble, shake and dissolve. Edward was diligent and creative. Theresa had a very happy birthday. Then she told all of her rich friends about the incredible guy she had met. The guy who knew fifty different ways to make her cry out his name before he even unzipped his pants. Since then, Edward had received seventeen other requests similar to the first. "My daughter is a virgin. Teach her what it feels like to have a man who does it right. I want her to have the best. Give it to her good." $800, $1,000, $1,500. They didn't balk.