Tricks AND Treats Contest Entry 1st Place Public Vote 3rd Place Judges Vote Judge's Pick: Cejsmom (THANK YOU!) A/N: Congratulations to all of the other winners! Thanks to everyone who was involved in this contest: The organizers, judges, writers, Betas and readers. . . it was so much fun! Thank you especially to everyone who voted for Vanilla and Cupcake Girl. I'm thrilled that you enjoyed their story as much as I enjoyed writing it. FYI, I had to chop this story down to meet the word limit for the contest. Like, really cut a lot out. It was a bloodbath. Before you ask, I am not extending this into a full-length story, but I did write a short epilogue, and I am adding all the other stuff back in to post it here. Thanks to the lovely Ninkita for her invaluable advice, Beta work and editing skills. Deleting supporting characters along with thousands of words was a tough decision, but she helped me make sure the core elements of the story stayed intact for the contest. I'm very pleased to be able to share the unabridged version with you now! ~ Bake Me a Cupcake ~ "Why do you have a ring through your nose?" the girl asked with a look of guileless curiosity. "Mindy!" her mother gasped in shock. "But, mom, you said-" "Hush. What kind of cupcake do you want?" "It's okay, Mindy. When I was little, and I saw grown ups with body piercings, I wondered the same thing. When I was six, I had to beg my mom to let me get my ears pierced. I wear her birthstone in these," Bella explained pointing to her earlobes. "When I was all grown up, I decided I wanted more earrings for all the other people I love. These are for my dad. He's a cop." She pointed to the gold handcuffs connected by a silver chain at the top of her right ear. "They remind me to always listen to his advice. Each time I got a new piercing, it was to help me remember something important in my life. This one," she said, tapping the side of her nose, "is for my Grandma. She taught me how to cook cookies and cupcakes. I had to put Nana's earring here, you know why?" "No. Why?" "Cuz when I was your age, I loved visiting her house because it always smelled so good." Bella sniffed the air dramatically. The girl giggled. "That's weird." "Yeah. I know. I'm a weird person. But you're not weird, are you, Mindy? I bet you don't want a weird cupcake. You want. . ." she made a show of searching through the display case. "You want a. . . raspberry cupcake with lemon frosting!" "I do?" Mindy looked at the iced confection suspiciously. "Can you add sprinkles?" "Mindy!" her mom scolded again, obviously uncomfortable with her daughter's forthright attitude. "Of course I'll give you extra sprinkles. One for each of those adorable freckles." Mindy giggled and stood on her tiptoes, watching as Bella transferred the cupcake from the display case to a clear plastic container. She doused it liberally with colored sprinkles and rang it up at the till. "Anything else for you ladies? Latte? Hot chocolate?" "We really are in a hurry," the mom apologized. "Wait! Isn't that one of your specialty flavors?" "I charge a flat rate for kids when they come into the store. It makes it easier for their parents to say yes," Bella smiled. "Wow. Thanks," the girl's mom said, handing over her debit card. Bella's cupcakes ranged in price, depending on the ingredients and the effort that went into preparation and presentation. The 'Raspberry Swirl-Lemon Chiffon' cupcake was her newest flavor and the featured Cupcake-of-the-Month for August. There was only a week and a half left in August, and she still hadn't decided what to feature for September. If she didn't have any inspiration, she could always fall back on her 'Chocolate-Peanut Butter-Cream' cupcake. It was a perennial favorite with the UW students who made up a majority of her clientele, and fall quarter had just begun. She was almost guaranteed to sell out every day. As the mom and daughter were leaving, three more groups came in, and Bella scrambled to fill their orders. Frantic moments like this made her reconsider only hiring summer help. But when she did the math, it didn't make sense to hire a regular employee. The shop made money, and she had a comfortable life, but there wasn't a lot of extra cash. Not yet. Of course, she'd only been in business for two years. There was still a lot of room for growth. "I like you hair," a boy said, as she helped his mom select two dozen cupcakes. "Thanks! Go Hawks!" she laughed. Her hair was dyed black with green and blue tips for the football season. She wasn't as crazy as some fans, but she sold tens of dozens of blue and green frosted cupcakes on game days. Since she was usually working, she also had the games playing on a wall-mounted screen. Supporting the Seahawks went hand-in-hand with running a business in Seattle. "I'm going to dye my hair blue for crazy hair day next Friday," the boy confided, shoving his hands in the pockets of his bright yellow hoodie. "Ooh. That sounds like fun. What grade are you in?" "Fifth. My sister's in kindergarten. She's turning six tomorrow," he said, pointing his elbow at the girl who was hovering shyly under her mom's arm. "Six already? Wow!" Bella said with her eyebrows raised. "Are these cupcakes for you?" "Yeah-huh," the girl said shyly, blushing. "You know, birthday girls get an extra special cupcake. For free." "They do?" That got her attention. She stepped closer to the glass with her eyes open wide. "Pick one. Any one," Bella encouraged. "Why does that one have a carrot on it?" The girl wrinkled her nose suspiciously. "It's 'Carrot Cake.' My personal favorite. With cream cheese frosting. Does that sound good to you?" The girl shook her head abruptly. "Carrots are gross. What's that?" she asked, pointing at an unfrosted chocolate cupcake on the specialty shelf. "Oooh. That's a grown up cupcake. That's my 'Volcano Cake.' I don't think you'll like it." Another client stepped into the shop just then, the bell ringing cheerily. Bella glanced up and saw a good looking college guy checking out the cupcakes on display. She took his measure in a single look. He had auburn hair, neatly combed and gelled, with thick-framed glasses, khaki slacks and a sweater vest over a light blue button down shirt. She bit her lip to hide a smirk. A sweater vest? She had already narrowed down his major, his preferred genre of music and his favorite cupcake to a couple of options. That boy was vanilla, vanilla, vanilla. Definitely not a 'Volcano Cake.' Not by a long shot. "Volcano? Really?" the birthday girl's eyes were glowing. All shyness forgotten, she pressed her face up against the glass. "Does it explode?" "No. No. Nothing like that. But it does have a molten core," Bella said with a sly smile. "I serve it hot with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. See, it's made with dark chocolate batter, chili pepper for a bit of a bite and liquid chocolate in the middle. Then, you see the red lava? That's homemade cherry jelly. When it gets hot, it bubbles up and melts down the sides. Crazy, huh?" The girl nodded, entranced. "I want that one." "Uuuhhh," Bella was nonplussed. She loved the contrasting sweet, spicy and tart flavors, but it was a mature, complex blend. Not something most six-year-olds would like or appreciate. "She loves volcanos," the girl's mom explained, shaking her head. The college guy was patiently watching the exchange, a small smile tugging on his lips. "'Volcano Cake' it is!" Bella shrugged, and popped the cupcake into the convection oven to heat while she rang up the order. "Promise me you'll have the best birthday ever!" "I will," the girl replied, taking her bowl to one of the tiny bistro tables near the window. Her mom and brother sat down with her, drinking coffee and hot apple cider. "What can I get for you?" Bella greeted her next customer. Up close, she could see how beautiful his eyes were. A unique, light brown hue, almost the color of amber, framed by long, dark lashes. "I have no idea. Uh. It's not for me. There's this girl. . ." he trailed off. The guy was holding his wallet, flipping it open and closed nervously. Bella's eyes were drawn to his long, graceful fingers. A pianist's hands. No, he didn't have the aloof air of a musician. He was definitely studying medicine. Second generation, at least. Maybe a future surgeon? "Courting with cupcakes. I like it," Bella smiled. "Tell me a little bit about her." "Well, for one thing, Lauren is gorgeous. Classy. And smart. Phenomenally smart. She's in my Psych 301 class, and I bet she could teach it better than the professor." Bella amended her earlier assessment. He was probably majoring in Pre-Med, minoring in Psychology. "Okay. Anything else? Have you known her long?" "No. I haven't actually ever spoken to her. I was hoping. . . see, there's a study session for our class in half an hour. I was hoping to take her something sweet and, you know, introduce myself. Ask her out to dinner." There was a slightly formal tone to his speech, even though he was obviously embarrassed and shy. Like he wasn't really comfortable in his own skin. Bella felt sorry for him and decided to help him put his plan in motion. "I'm guessing you don't know if she has any allergies." "Uh, no," he confessed with a worried look. "So, nuts are out. That rules out quite a few cupcakes. How about something with a white cake and fruit filling?" "Um. Okay. What kinds do you have?" "They're all on this shelf, and I have some blueberry ones in the back I was frosting this morning. They should be set by now," Bella offered, gesturing to the back of the shop. "Maybe. Wait. What about this one?" the guy asked, pointing to a cupcake labeled 'Here Comes the Bride.' It was a raspberry-vanilla swirled cupcake with buttercream frosting, decorated with silver pearls. Bella had made three dozen for a bridal shower the previous weekend, but the bride came down with the flu, and the party was canceled. An entire shelf in her walk-in was full of the damn things. She planned to take the unsold cupcakes to her friend's tattoo parlor after closing. "Don't you think that's coming on a little strong?" she laughed. "Oh, crap. You're right," he said, blushing. "It just looks so fancy. Classy, like Lauren. Wait! 'Peaches and Cream?' That would be perfect. It kind of matches her complexion." "Uuuhh. You're going to ask a girl out with 'Peaches and Cream?' Kind of daring, aren't you?" Bella teased. He looked confused, as if he had never heard that particular euphemism. "What do you mean?" "Um. Never mind. It's nothing. Great choice. This was a good year for peaches, too. Okay, just the one cupcake? Nothing for you?" "Everything looks delicious, but I'm too nervous to eat. Maybe next time." "You got it," Bella grinned. She tied a gold ribbon around the container and handed it across the counter. "Good luck!" "Thanks, Cupcake Girl," he said as he ducked out of the shop. Bella took advantage of the mid-morning lull to rearrange the display case and make room for the 'Blueberry Dream' cupcakes she had just finished. There was always a quiet time between the breakfast rush and the lunch hour, and another between 1 and 3 o'clock, but Fridays seemed to be busier on average. She would probably be on her feet all afternoon. Bella made herself