The Orbiting Meteor Preface A/N: Hi, if you've opened this story up, that means you're giving it another go or a try. Yay! The Orbiting Meteor was inspired by Colliding Meteors, which is a Jasper/Bella story. This story was started in June of 2009. It was posted, pulled, posted, pulled, along with Colliding Meteors. It's been reworked many times over. It is incredibly long, and er, still not quite finished, but I'm giving it another go. Thanks for reading. I don't like AN's much so check the profile page for info as I'll most likely keep you updated from there where I am in the process. This first chapter is preface material. The majority of this story however is 1st person material. I'll let you figure it out. %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% April 10, 2009 Bella Swan walked through the arched doorway of her light sienna Stamm home in Santa Fe, New Mexico. It was hers, bought and paid for by her mother, Renee. Bella was not having an entirely good day. Things better left in the past were on her mind. It's taken two and a half years of hard work and investment in building a new life for her to finally be able to find some peace and move on from the events in Forks that began almost four years ago. Bella's father, Charlie, had called and given her some news about Jake. Now she was determined to not have the whole day completely turn to shit. Bella headed down the narrow stone path that ran through the small garden she had created the summer before. Her front yard was covered in desert rocks of all sizes. She had the perfect mix of mulch to keep moisture in for her buffalo grass, various spots of chasma, succulents, and the fragrant sumac she planted last fall. The sun was out, and a slight breeze was blowing in from the southwest. It wasn't the warmest of days, the temperature only reading sixty-five on the little garden gauge as she walked by, but the sun felt warm on her skin. Bella walked to the mailbox in an oversize Santa Fe Community College sweatshirt. She had on a pair of black sweats that were cut off just below the knees, and she was wearing furry, light blue, flip-flop slippers. She was a little worse for wear in the middle of the afternoon, but she had just woken up. She opened the lid of the mailbox, not noticing her neighbor across the street watching her. Bella wasn't wearing a bra. Mahogany brown hair flew around her face. Three years ago, when she unexpectedly left Forks, WA, she finally decided to cut it. Her hair had always been thick, and after becoming acclimated to the cold and wet weather of Forks, Santa Fe's weather in the summer made taking care of her hair more of a hindrance. Her tresses were now layered, the length shortened by six inches, hanging just below her breasts. Her hair was more vibrant now, and it accentuated her defined face even more. She'd liked the cut so well, she'd kept the same style ever since she'd had it done. There was a man watching her from the small patch of trees that ran beside Bella's house. He wasn't human, but he also wasn't her enemy. In fact, he was far from it. He was watching her hair blow around her face, the healthy strands catching the sunlight, and he thought she glowed. Bella's whole body seemed to go through a metamorphosis of sorts after her first six months of living in Santa Fe. She began to eat more - and eat healthier. She still indulged in cereal bars and Pop Tarts for breakfast, but once she began to cook again, she gained weight in all the right places. Bella was also a walker. At least four days a week she would do eight laps around a small pond, which equaled out to close to two miles. Her legs and arms were lean, strong, and toned. In every sense, she had become a young woman, and nothing about her was plain. Bella pulled out the contents of her mailbox - the weekly circular with her Wal-Mart and grocery store ads, a cable bill, and a yellow envelope with the Hallmark symbol on the back. She pushed her hair back behind her ear and flipped it over. Of course it was addressed to her, but the return address was what she looked to immediately. J. Black 140 Main Street, La Push, WA 98350 At the same moment, a little, red Toyota Prius came barreling around the corner of her street, turning into Bella's driveway. It was Debbie, the closest friend Bella had in Santa Fe. The small woman stepped out with a hanger of clothes covered with white plastic. During her first summer in Santa Fe, while she was working full-time as a clerk for an insurance company, Bella took a temporary part-time job that paid pretty well with a local warehouse - working in shipping and receiving. That was when they met. Bella was trying to save up some money for her first year of community college, and Debbie was a workaholic. Debbie was thirty two, and Bella liked her immediately. Debbie wasn't nosy, but she could tell that Bella had been through some difficult times. It showed in Bella's eyes and face, and Debbie was a good judge of character. Debbie was supportive of Bella without prying, and though some of their interests were different, they had a few things in common. Debbie was also not to be messed with, and drop dead gorgeous. Debbie was the one who got Bella the job at Generations, she had worked at the club for over three years, and knew the bosses quite well. The insurance company that Bella worked for was laying off its employees, and not having any sort of seniority, Bella was on the hit list. She had been at Generations now for just over a year, and though Bella wasn't the cocktail waitress or bartender type, she actually loved it. It was a little rough when she first started working in the club, after a brief stint in the small restaurant also attached to the club. She had to learn how to deal with drunk people, and generally just talk to them in general. She also had to work through her clumsiness. Her bosses actually found it funny the first few times a tray of drinks or food would land on a guest, but after a while they became irritated with all the comps they were dishing out. Tony - one of the owners - had her come in when they were closed a few times to practice carrying a fully loaded tray around an obstacle course, and after some time she learned the act of balancing and walking. Random acts of clumsiness were now rare. When she first started, she was a hit with Tony, and he was always hitting on her in the most interesting of ways. The handsome, Italian flirt was quite the ladies man, but he always found someone more fascinating. Tony and Vince both felt protective of her when they found out she had no family and not many friends in the Santa Fe area. They were very kind to her and worked with her schedule for school. And in turn, Bella worked hard, and she was there whenever they needed her to cover some hours. Bella also had a knack for bartending. Generations was the number one hot-spot in Santa Fe and northern New Mexico. It was open everyday, closing only for major holidays that didn't fall on a weekend. Every night the music was different. It was a huge club that had used to be a small warehouse. It had a small restaurant and a sports bar for the sports fanatics, with eight big screens and several flat screens to cover every game and every sport. Bella knew there was under-the-table betting in the establishment, but the lid was sealed tightly around it, and as long as it didn't involve her, she ignored it. She worked mainly in the nightclub. The small family eatery attached to the club served really great Italian food, and that was where she worked when she first started. There was a large dance floor and one main bar that was situated above the dance floor. Bella only made $7.00 an hour, but on weekends, her take-home in tips would average out to around a hundred to a hundred and fifty a night. During the week, it was about half. She had every other weekend off, and she always worked the night shift from six to three. Bella would pick up extra hours occasionally for those who were sick or needed a day off, just as long as it didn't interfere with her school schedule. The fact was, Bella liked mostly everyone she worked with and she loved the job. It kept her busy along with school, and she liked keeping busy. Debbie was dressed in her own downtime clothes - a pair of yoga pants and a red tank top over a white one. Debbie liked anything that enhanced her new cleavage. Three months ago, she finally got up the nerve to do what she'd always wanted. She had her breasts enhanced. It was a hasty decision that was made and she now regretted it. When she finally went to get properly sized for new bras, she had went from an A to a DD. While they didn't look overly large they were quite different, and they affected Debbie's back badly. Debbie had oversize sunglasses on. Her hair was about medium length, layered and light brown, with blond highlights. She smiled at Bella and laughed somewhat. "You're really gonna like this shit. Be afraid, Bell. Be very afraid." Debbie stepped through the garden, hopping over a small aloe vera succulent. She dodged a small tree's blowing branch, making her way over to Bella, who waited on the stone sidewalk. "Please, tell me it's not that bad." Bella's face held a little side of worry, and her eyes were fixed on the plastic-covered hangers that Debbie was carrying. Debbie lifted the plastic off the hangers as she talked. "I can't do that. But, I guess that depends on how you compare it to that frilly shit we're wearing now. Take a look." Under the plastic dry cleaning cover that Debbie pulled off were three hangers carrying three identical outfits. Tony and Vince were going to start providing the girls with a more provocative uniform, and Bella was a little concerned about the choice they would make. This was the first night it would make its debut. Debbie had to pick hers up, so she had grabbed Bella's along the way. She started work an hour earlier than Bella did, and they usually always worked together. Debbie lived six blocks away in a small house her mother had left her when she passed away. They really did have a lot in common. The new, black, two-piece outfit was made out of polyester and spandex, and it had a sparkle thread woven in to the material. The halter top tied behind the neck and behind the back, and it would expose a lot of cleavage. The cups built in would hold very little breast. The top would be basically, barely there. It split and gathered into a large metal ring that attached the top to the skirt in the front. The skirt would fit low on the waist and had bloomers attached underneath the gathered ruffles. "You've got to be fucking kidding me." There was no other way for Bella to respond, even though she knew Debbie wasn't joking with her. Bella was just a tad mortified. "Nope," Debbie popped the 'p' and started laughing at the look on Bella's face. "Hey, at least you don't need to worry about falling out