This story couldn't be more dark. Rated M for sexual content, disturbed behavior, child abuse, violence, language, etc. All sorts of trigger warnings going on here. Carry on if you're okay with that. xxxxxxxx It was dark inside the closet. Mommy put him inside the closet because he was baaad. Big boys don't drop pans of cookies on the floor. Big boys don't cry when Mommy whip-snaps her hand across their cheek. He didn't mean to be bad. He didn't mean to cry when she pushed his hand down onto the terrible hotness of the stove, but he was a baaad boy. And bad, big boys are punished , Mommy says. Mommy says big boys aren't scared of the dark. He feels fluttering wings hit his cheek, hears a thump and a skittering across the floor. Nobody comes for him when he starts screaming. … "Do you want to hurt me?" she whispers, backing up on the bed slowly. "No, Katniss," he leans over her, his instrument in his hand. "I just want to make you scream." … His eye is swollen shut and squinting as the bright sunlight in the backyard seeps into the puffy slit. He wanders aimlessly, the sharp, shrill intonations of his mother still ringing in his ear, much like the slap that struck him there. He takes a stick and viciously beats at the trees, jabbing and sharpening the pointed end with the force of his strikes and blows, a brutal tyrant of his backyard terrain. He rounds the base of a cypress tree and stops, staring down at the twitchy, pitiful form of a furred, sickly creature, it's fluffy tail and puffy cheeks a familiar sight in the wooded area behind his house. Vermin, disgusting vermin , a voice whispers in his head, drawn out into a hiss. He stares down at the animal with his one good blue eye, raises his stick and brings down the pointed end sharply. The voices stop. … "Teacher is looking for you," comes through the dark. "Why are you in the closet?" a girl-voice whispers through the crack of the door. "Cause," the boy says flatly. "Cause why?" "I got in trouble," he says. "When you're in trouble, you go into the closet." The door cracks open a little more to show a girl with two braids instead of one, a pert little nose and large grey eyes that shine through the blackness of the small room. "That's not right," she frowns, her fingers curling around the edge of door, on the precipice of coming or going. "Don't know about right," he says. "Just what happens." The little girl in a red plaid dress creeps into the darkness with him and sits. He jerks slightly when she grabs his hand, but her grip is tight. "I'll stay with you," she says solemnly, squeezing his fingers slightly. His hand is limp, but he turns to look at her, his angelic blue eyes curiously blank. "Why?" "I like you," she says shyly, boldly. And then, she leans over and places a little kiss on his cheek, a place that had only ever known blows, and devastation, and hardship. He squeezes her hand so hard that she whimpers, and little popping noises like cracking bones sound off softly into the blackness. But she doesn't let go. …. He's in third grade, alone by the edge of the tree line, as far as the teacher will let him go at recess without calling him back and warning of the dangers lurking in the forest. Like animals or strangers. He is unafraid of both. He spots a butterfly sitting on a branch, its wings beautiful and fluttering. He is perfectly still as it flitters over and lands on his fingertip. Beautiful things are drawn to him. He admires its clean lines, the delicate body. He calmly crushes it in his palm. "Freak," Cato Baxter shrieks from behind him. "You're so weird, Peeta Mellark." He stiffens slightly, wipes the remains of the winged creature on the ground and stands up. "That was a bad thing you just did," the other boy taunts, walking forward and pushing him. "I'm gonna tell the teacher." Peeta feels the hard fingers that press into his chest. There is a ringing in his head; he hears that he did a bad thing . He is blank as he rocks back on his heels as Cato pushes him again. And then he strikes, reaching out and twisting the other boy's arm sharply. He twists and pulls and hears a snap, and it's even more satisfying than the soft crunch of the butterfly again his dry palm. Cato is screaming. He stands over him thoughtfully. He looks up and meets the eyes of a girl who now has one braid instead of two. She watches him from across the playground, and she doesn't look afraid of him. He wonders if she remembers the closet. He remembers. Her delicate lines are more beautiful than a butterfly. …. Her head was thrown back, her mouth a perfect O, set in a silent scream. Her shuddering, gasping breaths are what quell the sounds of the whispers into a white noise. His instrument makes her shriek, and behind the pulling flesh of his eyelids is the constant drone of a buzz saw, red dripping things, the fluttering of eyelashes against the sharp razor blade of a knife— … "Take out the trash, you lazy little ingrate," his mother bites out. He doesn't flinch as she slaps him in the side of his head, or even when her wedding ring catches on a ribbon of his blond curls, pulling out a hank sharply as she snatches her hand back. "I'm exhausted and ready to go home," she grumbles, checking the light on the oven again. "As soon as this last batch of bread is done, we're leaving." She pushes him, and he fists the trash bag in his hand as he stumbles out the back steps of the bakery and into the darkened alleyway, the only light source blinking from a string of Christmas lights hastily thrown above a window in an apartment across the alley. He hears a sniffle and looks to the left, the sound curiously human. He cocks his head to the side when he sees a small, shivering form. He throws the trash into the dumpster and approaches the shuddering lump, his eyes widening slightly as he recognizes the braid. He hasn't really spoken to her in years, not really. Other than a small wave, or a baring of his teeth as he passes her in the middle school they both attend, they are strangers in the same bubble. But, Katniss Everdeen is on his mind often. Usually, when he doesn't want her to be. Like when he's slicing open the bloated stomach of a dead frog he found in the backyard, or when he pushes the sharpened end of his pencil into the arm of a neighbor kid, Jacob Traynor, two days before he moved away from the house next to Peeta's. Something about the girl with the braid makes him want to tread very carefully, and he crouches down beside her form and lays a cautious hand on her arm. He isn't ready for the jolt he feels, his numbed nerve endings coming to life. "Katniss," he says, clearing his throat. She barely moves her head. "What are you doing out here?" "Looking…I was looking," she mumbles, her olive skin unusually pale. "I'm…we don't have anything to eat." Peeta would be lying if he said that he hadn't noticed the slight girl getting slighter the past few weeks, but then Christmas break happened, and there wasn't really anything he could do. He knew her family was poor, and that her father had died, but his observations were lacking in action. His eyes are drawn to her ribs, sharp and protruding from her ragged shirt. He's captivated by her bones, and he's helpless to stop himself from reaching out a finger to feel the curved length of them as they jut out from the worn cotton material. She's dying, he thinks, fascinated. She's dying. She watches silently as he gently touches her, too exhausted, too done , to do anything other than observe him with lidded eyes. "Stay here," he murmurs unnecessarily, standing up. He walks into the bakery, past his mother, and with his bare hands, pulls from the stove the two loaves of bread that is meant for his family's dinner that night. He rushes into the alleyway and shoves them into the shirt of the girl. "Go, now," he says, pulling her to feet and pushing her. "Go." She looks at him in shock but stumbles away, bracing herself on the brick wall as she leaves. He watches her form disappear before he steps into the bakery, cradling the burnt fingers of his hand. His mother beats him within an inch of his life and storms outside, telling him to pull himself together and meet her at the car. He looks at himself in the mirror of the bakery bathroom, and the sink full of bloody rags. His dead eyes stare back at him as he takes in his busted lip and the large gash under his eye from his mother's wedding ring. His face is a mess of rapidly purpling bruises. It's Christmas, so no school for two weeks. She wasn't worried about leaving marks. He puts gloves on his hands, his burnt fingers one of many parts of him shrieking in agony. He walks outside and throws the rags into the dumpster when he feels a hand slide up his back. He whirls around to see a grizzled homeless man, thin, in a grimy blue plaid jacket and torn black pants. "Can you spare some change, boy?" he breathes his putrid stench into Peeta's face. The man grasps at Peeta's shoulders roughly, and he tenses. A voice is screaming in his head. He hears a drone, a roar in his ears, as the man continues to paw at him. He snaps. "Maybe some food in there?" the man is saying, choking on the words as Peeta clutches the man's throat, calmly squeezing the dirty flesh with one gloved hand. He shoves him backwards against the dumpster, bracing himself with one arm as he chokes the life out of this vermin, this disgusting waste of space , who touched him, who breathed on him, who manhandled him. The man flails, but he's weak, and though he is bigger than him, Peeta is strong , even at thirteen. Peeta watches in interest as the man's face turns purple, his eyes bulging before slumping completely. Peeta catches him before he falls to the ground, and lifts him as easily as he would a 100 pound sack of flour. He tosses him into the dumpster and walks away. If the police wonder what happened to the homeless man, he never hears about it. Peeta starts his butterfly collection the next week, and when he slides the Pipevine Swallowtail into the spreader board he bought with his Christmas money, he admires how the blue and black wings resemble a plaid shirt and black pants. … Everyone leaves the Art class, and Peeta waits in silence as the students funnel out of the room one by one. As the last body slips out of the door, he pulls a long, sharp pin from his pocket. He quickly pulls off a piece of masking tape from the supply shelf and tapes it to the base of the pin, erecting it ominously from the seat of the desk. He's careful about which chair he puts it in, because the person whose name is taped to the desk in the third row slot, signifying the student who has the class in the afternoon, is his intended victim. He slides out of the room, swift as a ghost, shooting a charming look at Principal Trinket