I own nothing. Rated for language and sexual situations. In olden times, sacrifices were made at the altar, a practice that still continues today. Katniss rubbed her hand nervously on the side of her skirt, the soft, nubby fabric repetitively sliding against her palm a weak yet comforting anchor against the storm around her. Grey eyes locked on blue across the room, and she felt her face burn with the agony of knowing that neither she nor Peeta were in control of their own destinies. I'm sorry , he mouthed, his lips twisted in a grimace. It was a mockery of the brilliant, untainted smile her best friend flashed daily. All because of her. "Is it really necessary for them to marry now , though?" Grandfather asked from his position beside her on the couch, valiantly ignoring the stony glare her grandmother shot his way. Katniss tried to quell the surprise on her face, knowing his timid argument was futile, but still stunned and grateful that someone was attempting to fight in her corner in even a small way. "We'd rather prefer for Katniss to finish school." "Surely she can still finish school," Bran Mellark agreed quietly from across the room, looking at his scowling wife and faltering at her expression. Peeta sat uncomfortably between them, his blonde curls brushed back and his double-knotted dress shoes gleaming under the artificial lights that only a merchant could afford in District 12. Katniss knew Peeta's father to be a kind man, and recognized that on some level he was against the current situation, but the marriage of his youngest child to the granddaughter of one of the most prestigious and respected merchants in town was too dear of an opportunity to pass up for even the most noble of persons. Especially considering the current hard times- especially in District 12, where relative wealth and luxury was practically unheard of. The merging of the only bakery and apothecary shops in the district would be a grand coup for both families. Katniss also knew that the real people running this agreement were the family matrons, both equally hard-nosed in business and ruthless for the bottom line- her grandmother, Drea Stone, and Peeta's mother, Lissah Mellark. "I want this done," Mrs. Mellark stated flatly, the picture of an immoveable business woman. Katniss had never hated her more. She continued mercilessly, "Toasting and consummation, paper work filed in the morning at the Justice Building. No room for error or last minute double dealings, as Lorelai did to my husband." "If she gets pregnant immediately," Grandmother interjected bluntly, ignoring the slight to her late daughter, "things could change and she might have to leave the school. Stone's are not trash with incomplete educations." But I'm an Everdeen! Katniss resisted the urge to shout, her familial pride outweighed by the embarrassment and horror at the pregnancy inference. Not real, not real¸ she chanted to herself. This cannot be real . She looked everywhere but Peeta's face. She was thankful that her sister was at a neighbor's house and not witnessing this humiliation. "But it's not our son that we have to worry about running off into those godforsaken woods with Seam brats at any given time," Mrs. Mellark sniffed, her lip curling. "The girl really cannot be trusted to fulfill a long-term deal." Katniss gritted her teeth and literally bit her tongue at the thinly veiled insult that shot darts into her friend Gale, her heritage, and the very forest that had given her family sustenance and a way of life. Her grandparents- grandmothe r, really, made it clear that any defiant acts at this meeting would be directly taken out on her sister Prim. Her precious little sister had already suffered enough on her account, and she would never let it happen again. It was a year ago when she quickly slipped into a pair of trousers and a ragged shirt that would have made her conservative, old-fashioned grandmother scream upon sight. She reached into the very back of her closest and withdrew her hunting jacket for good measure; it was one of the only tangible remnants of her father that she had left, and when she slipped it on, she felt longing for the woods. She was taking a large risk, planning to be gone this long, and prayed that both her grandparents would linger at the apothecary for the duration of the day's business hours. It was one of the only upsides to the strict belief that her guardians held in regard to the apothecary being open every day of the week. They spent Sundays brewing and measuring and grounding ingredients that would become the thick syrups, pills and salves that not only multiple other districts, but even the Capitol on occasion, were known to buy. Katniss, though skilled at the work after over five years of intense training and scrutinizing by her grandparents, was not yet trusted to make some of the more difficult medicines that sold out during the week, and Prim wasn't even considered an option after she had dropped an especially expensive draught of cough syrup onto the hard stone of the apothecary floor during one of her first training days in the family business. This was one of the only days of the week that they did not actively dictate where, when and with whom Katniss spent her time, and while Prim was safely playing at a friend's house, she was bound and determined to spend the day in the forest with her best friend Gale Hawthorne. With any luck, and they did come home early, they would assume that she was with her friend Madge. She was the daughter of the Mayor, and someone they heartily approved of. Her grandmother actively hated Gale. Her grandfather hated him only slightly less. They both despised everything that had to do with the Seam, and the life that they blamed for causing their only daughter to run away with a coal miner and cast shame upon the Stone family name—though, it had been Lorelai who had suffered the most, burdened heavily with the loss of her family and every merchant friend that she had ever had. When Darvin Everdeen died in a mining accident, Lorelai followed soon after, and Drea and Tram Stone had their bitter confirmation that the Seam was a horrid, disgusting place that would no longer hold any influence over Katniss and Prim, their granddaughters and new wards. She swiftly treaded downstairs and out the front door of the house, quickly looking left and right, hyper aware of any and all eyes that might be on her. Despite the early hour, she knew many were eager to report her comings and goings in hopes of a spare coin slipped into their pockets by her overbearing grandmother. Luckily their house was at the end of the merchant district, and the forest that she was about to slide into was directly behind their house. The apothecary was attached to the other side of the house, out of the line of sight from her escape path into the woods where she would meet Gale at their designated rock. Just as she was stepping off the porch, she turned towards Mellark's Bakery, which was adjacent to Stone Apothecary. She made eye contact with the baker's youngest son, Peeta Mellark, who was taking out the trash. He was also her neighbor and best friend in town. Peeta raised an eyebrow at her outfit and quirked his lips. Katniss threw her finger up to her lips and smiled back. She saw a shadow move behind him, and her eyes widened with fear that his mother would see her clothing and waste no time in sounding the alarm on her. Peeta correctly read the panic on her face and wasted no time in ripping the bag in his hands, sending a flurry of trash all over the bakery steps and ground. Katniss would have laughed at the diversion if not for the rolling pin that came swiftly down with a crack on Peeta's cheek, punishment for his clumsy fingers. She slapped her hand over her mouth to stop a scream, filled with horror and concern for her friend. She wanted to help him but knew that there was nothing she could do. I'll be wasting his sacrifice , she told herself as she slipped into the forest and under the fence that lead to Gale. There was nothing I could do, she thought as she retrieved her father's bow from the log that sheltered the weapon during the week. It was all my fault, she agonized as she misfired yet another shot at a squirrel, ignoring Gale's incredulous stare. In the end, she should have just stayed home. She was restless and guilty over Peeta all day, which angered Gale, and their tense stand-off scared most of the game away. She helped him collect the haul from his snares to take back to his family, as she didn't need it anymore, and practically ran back to town, anxious to check on Peeta. She knew she was in trouble when she saw all the lights on in the front window of her house. She was greeted by a stern faced grandfather and fuming grandmother. Mrs. Mellark had seen her after all. They dragged Prim back from her friend's house and made her stand in the corner as they ranted and raved at Katniss for what seemed like hours. They forbade her to ever go into the woods again. She would work in the apothecary every Sunday from then on. They made arrangements to sell Prim's goat, Lady, which was tethered in a meadow close to the woods. Obviously too close for comfort. Katniss heard Prim's heartbroken whimpers from the corner, and died inside. They threatened to drown Prim's rotten old cat, Buttercup, if they ever caught her with Gale again—no loss to Katniss, but a devastating blow to Prim. It became clear that Katniss' shortcomings would now be Prim's as well. They made her burn her father's hunting jacket in a barrel by the street, curious townsfolk watching Katniss as she was forced to stand by and tend the flames. She refused to cry. She looked at the bakery and saw Peeta's miserable, bruised face staring at her from his window. She blew a kiss at him. He smiled. She broke out of reverie and watched in silence as Mrs. Mellark looked at her husband for support. When he glanced away, the woman scowled and continued, "We have more to lose in this deal if things go sour." Her grandmother considered this before nodding her head, her silver hair shimmering under the artificial light. "I suppose it doesn't matter if she graduates," she conceded, albeit reluctantly. "Her only expectations are to continue her apprenticeship to the apothecary and bear strong sons-" "Or daughters," Mrs. Mellark interjected quickly. Katniss' eyes widened as she saw what was almost a glint of excitement in the normally cold eyes of the woman. That harpy wants a granddaughter . It would almost be endearing, if it wasn't so disgusting and horrifying that they were speaking about her and Peeta as if they were breeding cattle from District 10. If Katniss hadn't decided years ago that she would rather eat a handful of nightlock than bring a child into this godforsaken world, where hunger and starvation reigned. If Mrs. Mellark hadn't taken out her impotent desire for a daughter on Peeta practically every day for the entire eighteen years of his life, as if he were to blame for not being born a girl. No. Not endearing at all. "Or daughters," Grandmother agreed in the background, "to take over the bakery and apothecary in the future to come." "So are we agreed?" Mrs. Mellark pressed. The bakery matron looked out the window, her nose wrinkling as if the very sight of the forest offended her merchant sensibilities. "We've already had offers from quite