A/N Yes its here at last, the sequel to Second Time Around (if you haven't read that you'll need to understand what's going on). We rejoin Severus, Hermione and their friends at the beginning of the Sixth Year and Severus is once more his adult self. A big thank you to the wonderful WitchRavenFox who is my amazing beta and all round bestest buddy. She does so much good work on my typos. As usual I own nothing of Harry Potter, that belongs to the wonderful JKR. I promise to put all the characters back when I have finished playing. So sit back, enjoy and if you like, review. I'll be posting every two weeks. Divided The thestral-pulled carriages finally reached the gates of Hogwarts, Harry and Ron leaping down with little ceremony and not bothering to wait for those of their friends who followed behind. "I bet the dirty old git has been enjoying himself far too much with our Hermione," said Ron, "I don't know whether I want to stay in our room, who knows where they might have…you know!" "Ron I really don't want to think about it," said Harry, "And I don't know why we've had to talk about it all the way from London." "Well you can't seriously think that they've been in separate rooms for the passed week," said Ron, before he grimaced, "You don't think there'll be Snape juniors before too long do you?" "Ron!" "What?" "Shut up will you," said Harry as they followed the crowds up towards the school, "Don't go winding Severus up about it either, you've already told half the people on the train their news without even knowing if they wanted people to know." "Well they've hardly been shy about anything else," said Ron as the castle loomed before them, "I reckon Dumbledore will announce it in his speech." "I think Dumbledore will have more important things to talk about than the engagement of a couple of students," said Harry as he noticed several figures prowling the perimeter of the path they walked, "There are Aurors everywhere." "Probably after Malfoy," said Ron, "Are you going to speak to Severus about what we saw in Borgin and Burkes?" Harry nodded, "As soon as I can get him on his own," he said, "And away from other ears, beyond your family, him, Hermione and Dumbledore I don't know who I can trust." "Sev can sniff out a Death Eater from ten paces," said Ron, "He'll let us know who to keep away from but as a general rule anyone with a Slytherin badge is a good bet." Harry smiled, "Nothing unusual to last year then," he said upping the pace of his walking, "Come on, I want to speak to the two of them before we go to the feast, I want to know what Dumbledore was after when he sent for Severus." Ron matched him for speed and they headed up towards the castle together, calling out to friends as they passed them by, glad to be reunited with them after the long summer break. They finally hit the castle, the entrance hall thronged with students being herded towards the Great Hall by already exasperated teachers. Ron began to laugh as he spotted one particularly troublesome group of third years who were ignoring the pleas of Gryffindor's Head of House, "Check out old McGonagall getting all wound up, she…" he trailed off as he realised his words, Harry joining him in surprise as they both looked upon the woman who had gone from their professor to their friend and clearly back to a professor once more. "That's Minerva," said Harry, "But she's…" "She's old," said Ron, "That must mean they've found a cure." Harry paled, "Severus!" he said turning around in the crowd, trying to make out his friend in either the form he knew or the one he remembered, "Ron we've got to find Severus?" "You don't think that's why Dumbledore…" "Of course its why," said Harry, "But he can't change back, his mark will come back and Voldemort will kill him." At the mention of the Dark Lord's name the crowd around them fell silent and the teachers' attention turned to them, Minerva the first to sweep to their sides, an unfamiliar figure that reminded them all the more that they're friend was noticeably absent from the cackle of happy students. "You two boys better come with me," she said, taking Harry's arm as she led them away from the crowds, the noise commencing again as they left. "Min…Professor, what happened? Why did you change back?" said Harry. "Dumbledore and I worked on a cure and the Ministry insisted it be administered," said Minerva, her eyes growing sad as she spoke, "To Severus also." "So he's a teacher again?" said Harry, "But what about Hermione and what about his mark? Where is he, I want to see him?" "Calm down Potter, you can't see Severus because he isn't here," she said, "Now look you two, things have altered somewhat and I can't give you the answers. All I know is that you will find Miss Granger in a new private chamber off the Gryffindor common room. Severus left the morning after his return and there appears to have been some unpleasantness but Dumbledore won't share the reason as to why. You may go up and see her if you wish but I warn you, it may be a bit of a shock." "Is Severus alive?" said Ron. "I don't know," said Minerva, "Dumbledore guards his council and Miss Granger will not even hear his name. I fear what I thought would be a benefit may have backfired. You should go to your friend quickly, whatever the reason she is in need of you." Harry and Ron took little persuasion to push through the crowds as they raced to the main stairs, hoping that they wouldn't alter too much on their way to Gryffindor Tower. They reached the portrait entrance, both of them realising that they had failed to ask for the new passwords they would need to gain entrance to the common room. The Fat Lady looked up at them but rather than asking for the customary word her eyes grew sad. "You should see the state of her," she said, "Whatever that dreadful Snape did to her I hope he pays for it, I knew he never belonged in Gryffindor." "What Severus did to her?" said Ron. "Have you not been told?" said the Fat Lady, "Haven't you been warned about her face?" "Let us in," said Harry with a rising panic, "I know we haven't got passwords but please let us in." "I really shouldn't…" "Please, if she's hurt we need to see her," said Harry. "Alright but just this once," she said, "And don't go running to Dumbledore and telling on me." "We won't, we won't, just let us in," said Ron. The portrait swung open and they burst into the room, both of them calling for their friend as they were met by the empty common room. "There's no need to shout," came a quiet voice from the landing above the stairs, "I knew you were here before you came through the door." The boys looked up, recognise the silhouette of wild hair in the light of the room but their friend's face remained obscured. Harry was the first to step towards the stairs but Hermione stepped back further into the shadows. "You should be in the Great Hall," she said, "The feast will start soon and you'll want to see who the Sorting Hat puts into Gryffindor this year." "You'll need to come down too," said Harry. "I have permission from Dumbledore to be absent," she said, "I'm not in the mood for crowds." "What happened Hermione?" said Ron, "McGonagall is old again and she says that something happened to Severus?" Hermione's sharp intake of breath was enough to have them both heading for the stairs, catching up to her before she had a chance to escape them. Harry caught her arm, tugging her back to face them but swiftly dropping his hold of her with a gasp. "Your face," he said, "What happened to you?" Hermione reached up and tried to pull her hair over the deep bruising that went from around her neck and up the side of her face, "Its nothing," she said quickly, "I…I…" "Say you fell and I'll know you're lying," said Harry moving her hair and gently touching their neck, "They're finger marks." "Please Harry just forget it," she said, "It'll be gone in a few days." "Tell me who did this to you," he said darkly, "Tell me and I swear I'll kill him." "Severus," came the response, though the voice wasn't Hermione's, "Severus did that to her." "Don't be ridiculous Ron," said Harry, "Severus would never…" "He did," said Hermione weakly, tears already beginning to pour down her cheeks, "They changed him, the Ministry changed him back and the second he was his old self again he…" "But why?" said Harry, "He loved you, he was our friend." Hermione shook her head, unable to meet their eyes, "He never was, he was working for Voldemort all along. Everything was designed to have us begin to trust him; even Lucius attacking him at Christmas was a ploy. He was just getting close to you in the hope that he could take you to Voldemort. I was just a pawn in his scheme." Ron was already spitting fire and rage at the tale but Harry kept a firm hold of Hermione, shaking her gently in the hope that she would reveal some elaborate hoax that would have Severus appearing from the shadows, young or old, to laugh at them. "But if that was so why not stay pretending when he changed back?" he said, "We always knew there was a chance he'd become an adult again and it wouldn't have effected our friendship in the least." Hermione pulled away from him and turned to face the wall, "I guess his nature was harder to hide. When he changed back, I was frightened and I thought he would give me time but he… when I refused him he grabbed me. I begged him to stop but he wouldn't," she said, her shoulders shaking as she spoke, "When he was done, he left me and returned to Voldemort. He's dangerous Harry and its all my fault, I should have listened to you back in September and stayed away from him." Harry's expression darkened as Hermione covered her face with her hands as she wept quietly with her back to them, neither he or Ron knowing whether or not to touch her as the gravity of her words sunk in. "I trusted him," said Harry, the words thick in his mouth, "I thought he was my friend. All those things we told each other, everything he shared with me about my mum." Hermione choked but she forced the words past her lips, "It was all lies Harry, all of it," she said, "Severus isn't who we thought he was." Harry finally stepped forward, laying his hands on her shoulders and stroking gently, "I'm so sorry Hermione," he said quietly, "But for what he's done to you believe me, I'm going to make him pay. I'll make what Lucius did to him seem merciful." Hermione all but wailed as she began to cry all the harder, pulling away from him, "Please, please no more blood," she said, "Just stay away from him Harry, you have to keep yourself safe. He's so powerful, he'll take you and then where would we be?" "Alright, alright," said Harry, waving Ron down as the redhead tried to persuade him otherwise, "I just want you to feel better." Hermione said nothing, her back to them as she sobbed all the harder into her hands. Harry finally stepped forward and placed his hands on her shoulders,