A/N: This story's a bit of a departure for me... I originally wrote it several months ago with the intent of using it in another story I have posted up here, but later decided it was too AU for that. But I had too much fun writing it to ditch it completely, and I hope you enjoy it. And as usual, I don't own anything, including the little boy with a crush on me who inspired me to write it in the first place. He belongs to a friend of mine. :D Simblemynë I walked alone down the silent hall of the Citadel of Minas Tirith, the sound of my booted feet echoing loudly as they hit the polished marble floor. One of the household servants had offered to escort me, of course, but I had assured him that I knew the way to the Steward's study. Still, it was a relief when Faramir opened the door that I knocked on, as the doors all looked the same to me. "'Tis good to see you, Éowyn," he said, smiling warmly as he embraced me. "I am almost finished here; if you could give me a moment…" "Of course," I said, smiling back as I followed him into the room, leaving the door open behind me. The days were quickly growing warmer, now that spring had finally arrived, and Faramir had offered to take me for a walk around the city before supper. Though my stay in Gondor was much more bearable now that I had my study of the healers' art to occupy myself, the opportunity to escape from the confines of the Houses of Healing was still more than welcome, as was the chance to have Faramir to myself for a little while. Faramir sat down behind the imposing-looking wooden desk, taking up his quill once more. Not wishing to disturb him, I walked over to the far side of the room, taking the opportunity to look around. Though the room was cluttered, with stacks of books and documents everywhere, there seemed to be some order to the chaos; the stacks were neatly arranged, and I had no doubt that Faramir had some system to make sense of all of the paperwork. Bookshelves took up an entire wall, and I ran my fingers along the leather spines as I glanced at some of the titles. They mostly seemed to be official records of the daily business of Gondor, reports of military action, and the like. A small wooden table stood in front of the bookshelf, with another stack of books resting on the top, and I idly picked up the first book. There was something oddly familiar about the well-worn, deep blue leather cover. I traced the silvery runes on the front with my finger, then flipped the book open only to find that I could not read it, as it appeared to be some form of Elvish. I went to close the book, and a single dried flower slipped out and fell to the ground. I quickly knelt down to pick it up, setting the book down beside me. As I picked up the fragile blossom, my eyes widened in recognition. Simblemynë. How could I have forgotten? I glanced up at the man sitting across the room from me, then back down at the book on the floor. Though the memory had been long buried, along with the thought of many of my happier childhood moments, as I gazed down in wonder at the fragile blossom in my hand, I could suddenly remember as clearly as when it had happened… ------- I had been only five years old, and my family had traveled to Edoras to visit my uncle and cousin. My father, as the Marshall of the East-Mark, had been summoned to discuss the defenses of the eastern borders of our lands, and a party from Gondor was supposed to attend as well. The day that they arrived, Mother had agreed that Éomer and I could go outside while we waited, provided we did not get dirty. As the niece and nephew of the King, undoubtedly we would have to be presented before the men of the South at some point, and she wanted us to make a good impression. But Éomer and I quickly forgot her instructions as we got involved in our game. Much to my excitement, Éomer agreed to play at sword-fighting with me, but kept insisting that he was the Rider and I had to be an orc, much to my chagrin. "Surrender, foul orc of Mordor!" Éomer shouted, trying to look as intimidating as possible while proudly waving the new wooden sword that Father had made for him. "I'm not an orc!" I insisted, glaring at my brother. "Why do I always have to be the orc?" Éomer lowered his arm. "Because you can't be a Rider. You're a girl!" "So?" I asked, crossing my arms. "You're just saying that because I'm littler than you!" He sighed. "All right. If you can beat me, then next time you can be the Rider." "Good," I said, brightening up, and trying to glare at him like I imagined an orc would. There was no way I was going to let him beat me this time. Then he swung his sword at me, and the game was on. That was how Théodred found us. We had both taken several tumbles in the dirt by that point, but neither of us was willing to surrender. When he saw our cousin approaching, Éomer looked up with a grin. "Théo!" he called out. I took the opportunity to throw my entire weight into him, and we both fell to the ground. My brother grunted as the air was knocked out of him, and I jumped back to my feet and pointed my own wooden sword at his chest triumphantly. "I beat you! Now you have to be the orc!" I said gleefully. "That's not fair! You cheated!" Éomer complained. "And my heart is on the other side." I quickly shifted the sword. "Did not!" "Did too! Théo, you saw her cheat, didn't you? She knocked me over when I wasn't looking!" Éomer crossly shoved me aside and stood up, glaring at me. Théodred grinned. "Forgive me, cousin, but I have to side with 'Wyn this time. If you allow yourself to be distracted in battle, you will be the one to lose." I smiled triumphantly as Éomer scowled. Then I noticed the two dark-haired men standing with him, one of whom did not look like he could be much older than my cousin, while the other looked slightly younger. Éomer and I exchanged guilty looks as we realized that these must be the visitors from Gondor that our mother had spoken of; he ran his fingers through his tangled blond hair, while I made a futile attempt to brush some of the dirt off of my dress. Théodred turned back to his companions and began speaking to them in Westron; I could understand only a few of the words, as I had not yet become fluent in the tongue, and nudged Éomer. "What's he saying?" I whispered. "He is explaining what happened," Éomer whispered back, "and now he is telling them who we are… he called us terrors!" He snorted indignantly. The taller of the two laughed, his eyes sparkling. The younger-looking man grinned as well, though his mirth was much more controlled. Théodred looked down at us and smiled. "I would not have you act any other way, my dear cousins," he said, switching back to Rohirric. "Éomer, Éowyn, this is Lord Boromir and Lord Faramir of Gondor." Knowing that we were expected to be polite now, Éomer bowed and said in Westron, "It is a pleasure to meet you both, my lords." I gave an awkward curtsy and echoed the greeting, though my words were much more halting than my brother's. The taller man nodded politely, traces of amusement still on his face. The younger-looking man bowed, then said in a slightly accented but otherwise perfect Rohirric, "The pleasure is ours, my lord and lady." I giggled at being called a lady; ladies were people who were much older than I was and did not play with swords. Éomer elbowed me sharply, and I shot him a quick glare. "Your mother also bid me to send you two in to clean up for supper," Théodred said. Éomer and I both groaned, and Théodred said in mock sternness, "No arguing, or next time I will ensure that both of you have to be orcs!" My brother and I gave each other horrified looks, then ran off. Impulsively, I turned around and called, "Goodbye!" as I ran, grinning when the younger man raised a hand in farewell before turning back to Théodred. During supper that night, I learned that the taller man was named Boromir, and the younger man was Faramir. I could not understand much of what was being said, as most of the discussion that they were having with my uncle, my father and the other lords and Marshals of the Mark was in Westron, so I spent my time studying the two of them curiously. I had never seen anyone with hair so dark before, and to me they looked quite similar. Boromir acted much like the men of my people; he spoke boldly and was quick to laugh, and he had the look of a seasoned warrior. Faramir was much quieter, though his smile was kind, but he seemed like no one I had ever met before. After supper, Théodred took Éomer to the stables so Éomer could look at the horses. His birthday was drawing near, and Father had determined that he was old enough to ride a fully-grown horse instead of just a pony. Much to my disappointment, I was not allowed to go, as I would have to go to bed before Éomer. But my parents did not send me to my room right away, and so I wandered around the hall, wondering if there was a way I could sneak out to the stables anyway without being noticed. I was startled to turn the corner and see Faramir sitting on a bench with a book in his lap, reading by torchlight. He turned his head, and smiled a little shyly when he saw me. "Good evening, Lady Éowyn," he said in his strangely-accented Rohirric. I covered my mouth with my hand to stifle the laugh that threatened to erupt; I was not used to being addressed so formally. He tilted his head slightly, regarding me, then asked, "Did I startle you?" I shook my head, so he tried again. "Am I not supposed to be here?" "You can go anywhere you want," I said, still trying not to laugh. "Then what is so amusing?" he asked, looking a little uncertain. "I'm not a lady!" I exclaimed as a giggle finally escaped. Faramir looked amused as he put his book down. "What are you, then?" "I'm a Rider!" I said with a huge grin. "Ah, yes. I can see that; you fought quite valiantly this afternoon, if I recall." I was a little surprised at the sincerity in his eyes; I thought he and the other man had been laughing at me. "What shall I call you then?" "Éowyn," I said firmly. "Very well, Éowyn. And please, just call me Faramir." He gave me a friendly smile, and I smiled back. "Would you like to sit down?" I nodded, and climbed up on the bench to sit next to him, swinging my legs a little as I sat. "Do you think I cheated?" I asked. He looked a little confused, so I said, "Éomer said I cheated when I knocked him down." Faramir grinned. "'Tis not the most honorable way of winning, I have to admit. But that was rather intelligent of you to try to catch him off-guard. I will