Ten Years After the War Against Gaea... The apartment smelled like sweat and spilled alcohol. Leo laid on a bed - he was unsure of whose it was - next to a pretty red head named April, who had no clothes on and was asleep. Leo Valdez frowned a little and looked around before he remembered that there had been a Frat party just off the campus of Stanford University that he snuck into with Jeremy Longsley, who ditched him ten seconds in when a drunk girl offered to give him a lap dance. Leo's dad, Hephaestus, had obviously pulled strings to get him into that college. It was deserved, too, since he helped save Olympus. Leo struggled to recall the later events: something about him miserably sitting on the couch when April sat by him. For an hour there was a silent tension before she turned to him and asked if he wanted to go make out. "Do you have any gum?" he responded with a raised eyebrow. "I don't really enjoy the taste of cheap beer in someone's mouth." April pulled out a pack of Stride. "Yes, I do. You're miserable and I'm bored. We'd make a good pair for the night." "Where exactly are we talking about?" "Scotty's bedroom. He doesn't care. C'mon, let's go before someone else takes our spot!" She then grabbed his hand and raced through the crowd to the stairs, him being towed in her grasp. Scotty, who had not returned to his bedroom that night, obviously did not care. Leo carefully swung his legs out of the bed and let his bare feet touch the floor. Something was wet. He cringed. So did not want to know what that was. He took his jeans off of the back of a chair and pulled them on, followed by his shirt, belt, and shoes. At twenty-five, most people would've expected Leo to grow up and stop the one-night-stands with girls five to six years younger than him. That group would include Jason Grace, who was ironically a pilot. On numerous occasions, Jason had told Leo that he needed to find a girl to settle down with. Leo would come back with maybe he would settle down when Jason was home for more than three days in a row. That usually shut him up. Another person in this group was Chiron. He said every time Leo came to Camp Half-Blood for the summer that he needed to find a sweet demigod girl and settle down instead of wasting his life on the one girl he could never get back to. Calypso. The golden haired beauty who had stolen his heart and kept it in her breast pocket where their hearts would beat together in the same rhythm. It was the same girl he'd fell for ten years ago and it was the one who he would always love. Then there was the problem with the Swear he made on the River Styx that could possibly keep him in the Fields of Punishment when he dies. He swore ten years ago that he would find Calypso again, something no man has ever achieved in his life. If he didn't... Well, it wouldn't be pretty. Leo walked around to April's side of the bed and turned her phone on to see the time: 8:56. He dug in his pocket until he found a old receipt. On the back, he wrote, "Had fun last night. Leo." Under that, he wrote his number out, which was something he never did. Kissing her forehead, he walked out of the bedroom and shut the door so no one would see her naked and get any ideas. He barely knew the girl, but she had been kind to him, so he felt the need to return the favor. Downstairs, a boy was passed out with red Solo cups taped over his eyes. Another girl had a penis drawn on her cheek. A gothic boy who Leo recognized as Jeremy had his whole face colored in Sharpie, while one boy was asleep on the counter with his face in a bowl of salsa. Leo snorted as he walked out of the house. Frat parties. As he walked to the nearest bus stop, Jason called. Leo dug his phone out of his pocket and answered. "This is Mr. Valdez's receptionist, Fiona," he said in a high pitched voice. "How may I direct your call?" "Haha, very funny," Jason's voice came through. "How's it going? Any more little kids in your bedroom this week?" "The fact that you claim that I'm a pedophile offends me." "So that's a yes," Jason sighed. "Not even going to get into it. I really called to ask when you were coming back to Camp Half-Blood." Leo thought for a moment about the date - May 17 - and then responded, "I'll be in the thirtieth. Why do you ask?" "We're all planning on going out to dinner one night when you get back. Everyone. Even Reyna and Nico." "Nico. Really. Isn't he a little unhelpful when we go out to eat? I always seem to be buying his-" Leo heard a screech of a monster from far behind him. He pulled the phone from his ear and sprinted with Jason still on the line. As he ran, the sound of wings came closer and closer. Right when he heard the WHOOSH of the Kindly One's wings, he rolled onto the ground. Her bronze talons scraped at air like knives and she soared over him. He scrambled to his feet and pulled out a small bronze cutting knife he used when he helped Annabeth rebuild Camp Half-Blood. She landed and slowly began to walk towards him on bowed legs. He swiped the knife outwards in attempt to hold her off, but a massive wave of force hit him behind his knees. Leo crumpled onto the ground and let out a grunt, the phone falling out of his reach. The new Fury sunk its teeth into his right shoulder, causing him to let out a scream of pain. He spun the knife around in his hand and jabbed it backwards into the monsters eye. It screeched and wailed before falling back on the ground and thrashing. The other one growled deep in her throat and kicked Leo in the chin. "That is my sister! Alecto!" she squawked and began clawing on his face. Leo screamed again and tried to block with his right arm, but he found he couldn't pick it up. "I, Tisiphone, will avenge her death!" The bronze claws hit him in the neck and the fell onto his side. He covered his head with his left arm. This was how he would die. Noises from the phone were faint but there. The ground rumbled. Tisiphone gave an annoyed sigh and grabbed the back of Leo's shirt with her talons. "Don't die, Mortal Scum. Come on, Alecto. It's time to go home." "H-home?" Leo managed to get out. "Hush!" Alecto screeched as she stood, pulling the bronze knife out of her eye. She dropped it and covered her eye with her hand. Leo would've gagged if he had the strength. The poison from the Fury was beginning to sink into his system. He began to feel woozy. "Wake up, boy! We're going to meet Megaera. Alecto, if you would lead the way?" The Fury nodded and soared into the skies. The wind hit Leo's cuts roughly and made his head spin worse. He tried to raise his head to look around, but he found that he couldn't move. Nor could he hold his eyes open... Then, darkness filled his vision. Leo Valdez woke up on the cold stone floor of a castle. He groaned and stretched his arms. He could move now. That was good. He blinked the fuzziness out from his eyes and looked around. A fire crackled in the fireplace. Two high-back thrones and one kitchen chair sat in the center of the room, where two men sat, both with longish black hair and pale complexion. The young one sat in the lawnchair. The older one turned to him and smirked. "Well, well; our little guest has awoken," the gods voice said calmly. "Come, son of Hephaestus. Sit." Leo carefully stood and walked towards Lord Hades' throne. A black chair slid up behind him and knocked him onto his butt. He looked between Hades and Nico di Angelo, who sipped his tea casually. Leo frowned, confused. "Lord Hades... and Nico. What-Why- What's going on?" Hades set down he tea cup, which was a hilarious sight but Leo didn't dare laugh. "Leo Valdez, you've been to Ogygia?" His heart rose up in his throat, suddenly thinking about those good times he had with Calypso. The building of the boat, teaching her that it was now acceptable for women to wear pants, even her kissing him and telling him to leave. He had been suppressing the memories, but slowly, each day for the past year they had been coming back and haunting him. Had Hades sent Morpheus after him to warn him of what was coming? He snapped out of his thought and looked back up at Hades, who looked annoyed with a black eyebrow raised and pursed lips. "Um, yes, sir." "Good. I need you to go back." Leo inhaled so quickly he choked himself. Hades frowned and leaned back as Leo coughed into his hand. Nico shook his head and looked into the fire. When Leo began to cough from embarrassment, Nico smacked him on the back. "Quit that," he hissed. Redness creeped up his neck as he wiped his hands on his jeans and carefully looked at his shoes as he replied, "Why me?" "You know the old stories of Calypso - punished because of her fathers actions when he supported the Titan's. My son has brought up a valuable point that Calypso was wrongly done and wishes to have her brought to the mortal world to end her curse." Leo frowned. "Why would Nico think that?" "I'm right here-" "Because he was sent there, of course," Hades sneered. He didn't let Nico finish his sentence. "He told me he loved her but couldn't stay with her. So he has come to me and asked me to lift her curse and bring her back. The only problem is, no one is sure how to get to her island except for you." Leo paled and turned to Nico. He could throttle him right here and now. Nico wasn't Calypso's type! She didn't like twenty-four year old moody boys that were tall, dark, brooding... Okay, so maybe most women would find Nico attractive. He became nervous at the same time, and his stomach became queasy. "What do you need me to do?" he asked quietly. Hades folded his fingers together. "Go home, get your crystal that you stole from her island, and put the Argo II back into commission. I know there was a lot of blood shed on that ship, but it's the only chance you have of getting to her." Hades balled his fist, held it out, and opened it. In his hand was a blue pearl. "This will get you out of the Underworld, but when you find Calypso, send Nico an Iris message and he will meet you at a place of his choosing. Go stand by the doorway, think of a place you want to go to, and then step on it." "Do I get anything in return?" Leo dared to ask. "Yes. I don't kill you on the spot." Leo nodded and remembered that the Argo II was at Camp Half-Blood in Bunker 9. "Thank you, Lord Hades." "Yeah, yeah, just leave." Leo walked over to the doorway and set the pearl on the ground. He tipped an imaginary cowboy hat before thinking of Camp Half-Blood and stepping on the pearl. For a moment, nothing happened. Then suddenly, blue mist swirled around