So, this is a Harry/Omc and I plan to finish it. It will be awesome (or something). I'm great at writing romance (I really suck at romance). Please enjoy and reviews would be awesome. Also I am taking suggestions and I don't own Harry Potter. Possible MPREG \/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/ Ravenclaws. People call them stuck up, smart asses who never get their heads out of their books. Well that's what the Gryffindors and Slytherins have surmised, but they haven't seen the outburst of outrage, or the fits they through, or the way they sometimes walk around looking like zombies because, no, thank you they haven't slept, they were busy reading an advanced book on runes and arthimancy and how when joined they can create magnificent shows of light that could possibly bring about a new spell from thin air, or even time travel. And yes, they really should have used the time to study for that subject they hate and are failing at. Because the truth is only those who never actually pay attention would think that Ravenclaws are stuck up and have a permanent stick up their ass. Ravenclaws also have rules, they have library rotations and they aren't allowed to take house books outside of the dormitory. And Professor Filtwik has rules set in place so you are only able to miss three meals a week and you must have at least five hours outside of the castle every week. Because maybe Ravenclaws never get their heads out of books and they tend to forgot simple things, like food, and hygiene. But no one ever really notices. One student, a Mr. Lopez Prince, followed these stereo types well. He was currently a sixth year and had attended Hogwarts for 2 years, a Ravenclaw by heart and by mind. His trunk was larger than normal and close to exploding with the amount of expansion spells cast on it, and when people would question him on as he hauled it up the school gates very year, or simply across the room, he would merely ask, where do you keep all your books? His roommates often got irritated by his bouncy attitude and how he stayed up till all hours of the morning reading. He was also always open for debates, so much so that it often annoyed the Ravenclaws, who loved debating as it was. Professor Filtwik often found him curled up under a tree somewhere or tucked away behind some chairs or tapestry, and with a kind smile he would remind the boy of breakfast, or dinner, or lunch. His dorm mates often had to wake him up in the morning or remind him to brush his teeth. Everyone in the house considered him their little brother and that was cool. He was okay with that, not that he really noticed much. He was too hidden behind his book, or writing something up, or even drawing runes with a look of extreme concentration on his face. Bubbly and bouncy, he never really noticed the amused and endearing looks thrown his way. It was the second week back and Lopez, a book by his side that he had been dying to read, had been summoned by his father. He wasn't really sure what the man wanted, but he suspected his brother would be there, glaring at a cauldron and complaining about his fiancé or about his mother or Quidditch, which held little interest for the nerdy Ravenclaw. I idea of flying around in the air to catch a ball and nock other players from there brooms seemed rather barbaric to him, it was so much easier to spend the time reading anyway. However, he had yet to miss a game of his brothers, no matter what he thought on the subject. He skipped happily down through the dungeons until he reached his father's office, a large smile still on his face. He walked through the door, careful not to harm his book, and closed the it behind him only to find his blonde brother, Draco Malfoy, leaning against a bench and glaring at a cauldron, just as he had suspected. "Hey Draco!" He chirped, his voice void of the English accent very other member of his family had, replaced by the light yet firm Australian one he had gained through years of hiding. Draco's scowl turned to a small smile as he spotted his adorable younger half-brother. "Lopez," he breathed. Slowly he stood and moved towards the Ravenclaw, wrapping an arm around him in a hello hug. "How have you been brother?" "I've been great! I've got a new book!" Lopez bounced up onto his toes, smiling up at him, and ignoring the annoyance that cropped up at the fact that he was inferior in height. Draco chuckled, "of course you have, what's it about this time?" He asked as he turned away, walking to his previous leaning spot, the smile still lining his lips. The Ravenclaw followed happily, quickly going on to explain how his new book was on the theory of creation of spells and how magic flowed and worked in the universe, falling into the chair opposite the teachers. He stared wide eyed at the Slytherin as he spoke, excitement filling his voice at the prospect of learnings something new. For Draco's part, he really only hummed occasionally, letting the younger one ramble on until Severus arrived. "Oh, what does dad want anyway?" Ahh, he seemed he had remembered they were here for a reason. "I'm not really sure. But Severus said father is going be here as well," and a contemplative look came over Lopez's face. "Okay," he chirped in response before pulling his book out and waiting. Although it wasn't a very long wait he did seem to become entranced in the book, his eyes glazing over as he flicked through page after page. When the potions professor arrived, the Malfoy lord by his side, they both smiled endearingly at their child before moving so Severus was sitting in his seat and Lucius was leaning in a similar manor to his son, except closer to his love. They watched for a few seconds as their presence went undetected, before Lucius, smile still in place spoke. "Lopez," black eyes flickered up from the book and a great smile encompassed his regal features as he leapt from his seat to tackle his father in a hug. "Father," he cried before his eyes found Severus and he too tackled the man, "dad." "It's good to see you too Lopez," the potions master said, despite seeing him every day for classes. It wasn't common knowledge that they were father and son so they couldn't great each other as they did during class. It took a few seconds but the sixth year finally found himself seated again, Draco chuckling in the background as he chimed in, "good evening father, Severus," with a bowl of his regal head. They nodded back both smiling pleasantly before getting back to business. "Now, we called you here today to tell you something that couldn't quite be revealed through the mail," Severus began. "Lucius," and here he paused, his lover stepping forward to grab his hand, "and Narcissa have decided to get a divorce. Which means we can finally get married." Draco smiled even brighter while Lopez leapt for joy. His fathers were finally getting married, he smiled so much his cheeks hurt but he couldn't help it. He was so happy. And now that he looked closer he could indeed see a ring on his dad's finger. The newly engaged couple smiled at each other before they directed their attention back onto the two brothers. "There's something more," the Malfoy lord said, his voice filled with a gentle excitement. He cupped at hand to his very flat stomach and grinned. "I'm with child," it was said softly, gently and the two sons felt tears gather at their eyes. "I'm so happy for you father, Severus," Draco spoke, walking around the table to bring his father into a hug. It seemed Lopez was stunned, his mouth hanging open and eyebrows drawn. Before finally that winning smile broke across his face. "Yay!" He yelled clapping his hands. "We're going to have another sibling and this time it won't be in secret!" He didn't mind the fact he had to be rushed away, he had understood the situation. With Voldemort and the war and everyone wanting to hurt the Malfoy family for being death eaters, it was expected. He had gotten the love he wanted, al be it, he had grown up in a different place, with different people and a different school. He had understood from very young why he couldn't take either of his father's names, and he had smiled upon learning of his heir ship. The young Prince was just glad his sibling, sister or brother, he didn't know yet, would be able to be raised by the two of them, Draco and himself getting to see the whole thing. Oh, and of course he had to research baby safe spells immediately. Or maybe just a rune on clothing to alert them of any danger the young magical may come upon. His mind kicked into overdrive as he pondered in the possibility of feeding the child a potion to monitor the internal organs, and it was only the gentle laying of a hand on his shoulder that broke his concentration. He looked up into the black eyes of his dad, mirror images of his own. "I think it's time you went to bed," the black eyes flickered up to Draco's relaxed form, "both of you. I know for a fact you don't have class tomorrow, but you," here he once more looked to his son, "don't look like you have had much sleep." "Well… I may have stayed up reading astronomy and magical particles in space. It was so interesting I mean, we can just create anything here, or transform one thing from another, which is so astounding. There are no laws or regulations that magic follows, and therefore it's unknown whether it would work in space or not. Because the level of particle strength and the thinner stretch energy, which leads me to wonder if magic would work in or around a black whole. But then I-?" A finger was placed over his lips and he stared up at his dad, a confused sound leaving his lips. Of course he hadn't realised he had begun speaking faster and fast and that, although it did sound interesting, the only one that shared his passion for knowledge, unchanged able magic laws of the Universe, and the universe in general was, well, probably a Ravenclaw, somewhere. But none of his family really did. Of course they never really stopped him, they found it ever amusing and adorable when he rambled as he had just done, his eyes wide and alight with wonder. Slowly Draco directed his younger and adorable brother out of the room, a hand on his shoulder. The two saying goodbye to their fathers as the heavy dungeon door closed behind them. They began talking about something, maybe, but then maybe it was nothing, or just ranting, they never really knew, but by the time they had reached the point where they went in different directions they were on the topic of Luna, a friend of Lopez's although they rarely talked outside of the common. And even if there talks usually consisted more of heated debates on magical creatures, not their existence so much as their magic soul and where they got it from. The particular debate they were discussing was if magical creatures could produce squibs, and if so what would they appear as, would a dragon not be able to breath fire or would it effect more than that. However, they had to separate and with a short hug they disappeared in different directions, both seeking their warm beds on the cold autumn night.