A/N: I hope everyone who reads this story will enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it. Please let me know whether you did. And if you did not enjoy it, let me know why so I can improve my writing. Constructive criticism is greatly appreciated. Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings. Nor will I even own it. From Nightmares To Dreams When the rain is blowing in your face, and the whole world is on your case, I could offer you a warm embrace to make you feel my love. Glorfindel was awakened by a knock on his door. For a second he felt slightly disorientated. For five weeks he had slept on the ground whilst the stars twinkled above his head. Right now, however, he was resting under a wooden ceiling. And he was laying on a bed. The position of the moon, which he could clearly see through his window, told him it was only two hours after midnight. Suddenly he remembered. He had arrived home from his journey to the western borders just before sunrise that morning. Instead of going to bed as Lord Elrond had suggested, he had written out the rapports about the movement of the remaining Orcs that would be necessary to draw up next month's patrol schedule. He had only retired three hours ago. Swinging his legs out of bed, Glorfindel spotted one of his tunics laying on the ground. He did not bother putting it on, though. If someone thought it necessary to disturb his sleep, there was probably a very good reason for believing that. Hence, there was no time to lose. He made his way towards the door. It wouldn't do to have the Elf that had come knocking believe that he was not there. He was Imladris' protector, he should see to it that her inhabitants would not have to worry that any vile creatures would be allowed to invade their homes. As he pushed down the handle, he used his free hand to rub his face. Whoever was here did not have to see exactly how fatigued he was. There was no need to cause any more worry, not when it was already difficult enough to keep a positive outlook with so many Orcs and even Uruk-Hai roaming the lands. Finally, the door was open wide enough to reveal who had decided to pay him a visit at this time of night. "Erestor!" he exclaimed, unable to hide his surprise. Elrond's Chief Advisor frequently visited him. The day Námo had returned him to Middle Earth, it had been Erestor who offered to show him around. Not that Elrond had not been eager to do that, but his twin sons had only been five years old at that time and his wide could use all the help she could get with those two active Elflings. That evening Erestor had told him that his and Elrond's door would always be open if he needed anything. As the years came and went, he had taken them both up on that offer regularly. The nightmares that had haunted him after he had returned from the Halls of Waiting had become so bad after a while that he had had no choice. After all, who would be able to deal with reliving his own death every night? He had formed a connection with them throughout the three months it had taken him to lay his demons to rest. And it was in those days that Erestor had started spending most of his evening in Glorfindel's rooms. On none of those occasions had he looked as he did now, though. Which was the reason for his surprise. Erestor was paler than ever. There was not a hint of colour on his cheeks. His dark hair was tangled, as if it hadn't been combed, which was nothing like the Erestor Glorfindel knew. His hands were trembling. His eyes were red, as if he had been crying. The warrior deduced that he most likely had. "Come here," Glorfindel whispered almost inaudibly. Erestor, however, did not respond. Being aware that Erestor had excellent hearing as he showed that during almost every one of the meetings he attended, he realized it was not because he had not spoken loudly enough. There had to be another reason why Erestor was so very distant. Glorfindel slowly reached for Erestor. He did not want to scare him, as Erestor was looking so very fragile already. But the Chief Advisor allowed the Seneschal to take his hand in his and guide him to the couch in front of the fireplace. The embers were still glowing, so there would still be some warmth radiating from it. "Erestor?" Glorfindel ask. He was getting slightly desperate to gain the rave-haired Elf's attention. The emotional turmoil he was obviously in pained Glorfindel. He wanted to put an end to it. But again, there was no response. Pulling away reluctantly, Glorfindel threw some more wood onto the dying embers. He might not be cold, but the fire would create a more comfortable setting that would allow for Erestor to speak more freely of what troubled him once he managed to get the other Elf out of his trance. How he was going to achieve that was quite another question. He doubted words would to the trick. Then again, touching him might make Erestor feel uneasy. Or frighten him. Despite that knowledge he was not about to fail his friend. Erestor had sought him out, even if it was very likely that he had not been intending to do so when he had left his rooms. That meant he trusted him to a certain extend. And that was enough to convince him that he should take some risks. Glorfindel kneeled in front of Erestor. One of his hands came to rest on his knee while the other lifted Erestor's chin so he was forced to look at him. Erestor's eyes finally focused on him. A single tear trickled down his cheek, which Glorfindel caught with his thumb. He kept tracing the same, meaningless line over and over in an attempt to calm Erestor further. It seemed to work, as his breathing slowed down and his hands bean to tremble a little less. "What is it that pains you so? What is it that brought you here?" he asked softly, hoping that he wasn't moving too quickly. It appeared he wasn't. Because despite the fact Erestor was still crying, he let his head drop to Glorfindel's shoulder. The blond Elf was surprised. They had hugged before, yet this felt much more intimate. He brought his second arm up as well so he could cares Erestor's black hair with one hand as he kept caressing his cheek with the other. "The nightmares are back," Erestor finally whispered. He did not have to say anything more. Glorfindel wrapped his arms around him, pulling him as close to him as he possibly could. Erestor became limp against him, letting go of all of the tension that he had felt. When the evening shadows and the stars appear, and there is no one there to dry your tears, I could hold you for a million years to make you feel my love. Erestor had been suffering from nightmares for a long time. They had been disturbing his nights for a little over four years, since the war had ended. Not that he had been completely free of them before the war. Something had happened in his childhood that had made him experience these dreaded dreams for a very long time, and even though they visited him a lot less frequently these days they were still there. This, however, was all Glorfindel knew. Because despite the fact Erestor had spent many a night in his chambers after one of those nightmares he had never been able to make the other Elf open up about the reason why they visited him. He had tried, had shared some of the images he saw in his own nightmares with Erestor, but he had never succeeded in getting him to do the same. Glorfindel shook his head almost imperceptibly. This was not the time to think about all of those other nights. Erestor was in the worst state he had seen him in so far. He should take care of him like he had done before. It was something he had become quite adapt at throughout the years. First of all they would need tea. Erestor felt cold to the touch, and from experience the warrior knew that he would be feeling cold on the inside as well. Tea would be an excellent remedy for that. "Would you like some chamomile tea, or would you prefer rosehip tea?" Glorfindel asked. He didn't bother asking whether the Noldo wanted any tea. His answer to that question was always the same and there was no time to lose. Erestor didn't respond straight away. Whether he was distracted by the flames or was simply thinking about it, Glorfindel did not know. He was still responsive, his eyes alert, so it did not really matter either. "Chamomile. It will help me to fall back asleep later," Erestor said. The Elda felt proud of Erestor for thinking of that. When he was suffering from nightmares about his own death he usually stayed up the entire night, dreading to close his eyes as the horrifying images were bound to return as soon as he did. Elrond had eventually had no choice but to force some type of tea into him that had made him pass out. "Do you think you will be fine until I return from the kitchen, or do you want to come?" Glorfindel wanted to know. The solitude had been another thing he had been terribly afraid of. The long years he had spent alone, devoid of feelings in Námo's halls, had ingrained him with a deep gratitude for the company of others. Even now, almost seven hundred years after his return to Middle Earth, he did not enjoy being alone. "I will be fine. Just hurry," Erestor said, his voice sounding as fragile as he looked. The moonlight on his pale skin even enhanced that effect. Glorfindel nodded. He understood perfectly well what the other Elf was trying to say. Without uttering another word, he raised himself off of the floor. He immediately missed the feeling of Erestor's hair brushing against his naked skin with every breath he took. But this was not the time to think about that. As he slipped into his tunic, he noticed Erestor sneaking a glance at his bed. With the covers thrown over it haphazardly and his pillow looking more rumpled that it probably should, it did not look very appealing to him. Erestor, however, was staring at it longingly. He smiled a little. "Why don't you get comfortable in the bed while I go and get our tea? It will be warmer there, and you might be able to relax a little," Glorfindel said. Erestor blinked rapidly a few times. He opened his mouth, but no sound came out. Glorfindel found it rather endearing, although it was also a tad sad. "You would let me sleep in your bed?" he eventually managed to say, his eyes wide. Glorfindel extended a hand, which Erestor immediately took. He smiled warmly at the raven-haired Elf, showing him that everything would be alright in the end. It seemed to work, as the tension was visibly draining from his muscles. Encouraged by this, Glorfindel led the Noldo to the bed. "I love you, Erestor, as I have told you many times before. Of course I would allow you. It would be an honour to have you sleeping in my bed," Glorfindel said. He hoped Erestor would read between the lines and realize that he was not proposing anything but simply sleeping next to one another. They were in love with one another, had