A/N: This is a story I wrote for my best friend's birthday. Despite the uncommon pairing, I decided to post it. Please let me know whether you liked or hated it, and why. Constructive criticism is greatly appreciated! Disclaimer: I would be a lot richer if I owned Lord of the Rings. 1 A clinging ache All was silent. The absence of sound made the darkness seem like an impenetrable fortress, its invisible defenses holding against the sadness that was threatening to flood it from the inside as well as the outside. For beyond the time and space of Arda, tears were falling incessantly. Nienna gazed over the large body of water without truly seeing anything. Her eyes, which were normally the bright blue of a cloudless sky, were now a stormy gray. Salty drops trailed a path down her face only to be accepted into the ancient lake. They were illuminated for the briefest second by the light of the stars before disappearing into the as of yet unmeasured depths. For days the youngest of Eru Ilúvatar's children had sat on the same rock, not bothering to move. She was not hindered by the need for food or rest; the need to lament her own mistake was too large to even let her think about such unimportant things. Not even her brothers, whom she adored, had been able to persuade her to eat when they last visited her. Not even the gasp of breath at the state she was in had been enough to make her do more than drink the water they had offered her. In her mind there was no doubt that she could not continue like this. Upon her arrival in this world, her father had given her the possibility to ignore pain, cold and hunger for extended periods of time, longer than Dwarves, Men or even Elves. But even the Ainur needed to consume food. That did not mean that she would give in before she was betrayed by her own body. She snorted at her own choice of words; she was all too acquainted with betrayal. The memory of the pain it caused was so embedded in her mind that she woke with it and fell asleep with it. Betrayal had become her ever present companion since that faithful day so many years ago. Even though Nienna was not susceptible to the cold, she shivered at the thought of what had happened at the night of the full moon so long ago. Melkor had suggested they meet at the very rock she was now sitting on. They had been at each other's side throughout many season, five years had passed since the day they had confessed their love for one another. That day would have been the beginning of their sixth year together. Of course none of the other Valar had understood why she had given her heart to Melkor. They had been distrustful of him since the very beginning. Her brothers had begged her to take another, to be careful and not let her heart be broken. Varda had pleaded with her to see the evil in his heart, Manwë had told her that the road she had chosen would lead to nothing but pain. Vairë had merely shaken her head and said that Melkor was not the one she needed by her side. Nienna had ignored them all; why shouldn't she? She was after all one of the most powerful amongst the Valier. She had been granted the possibility to make her own decisions. She had met Melkor that night, beside an ancient oak tree. His hands had been as gentle as she had imagined they would be as he guided her to the ground. Long they spoke of the past and the future, and the more he spoke the more she realized she wanted to experience the future with him beside her. Only years later would she realize that it had been the first time he would betray her. It came as no surprise to the others, as she had lost her heart to him long before that. But the whispers only increased. There was word of dark thoughts biding their time inside Melkor's mind. Of threats as of yet unuttered but always on his lips. As was the right thing to do, she stood by her lover. And for four years it seemed that their love would be stronger than the barely hidden looks and the whispered words. In his arms, listening to him saying that he loved her, she was content. But when the fifth year of their relationship began, Melkor became more distant. His once warm embrace began to feel forced; it was no longer the source of comfort it once was, instead it was by that time a meaningless gesture. The Dark One was no longer as beautiful. The shimmer as of a thousand dark gems catching the light of the sun and moon disappeared. His nails grew to be sharp weapons. He no longer smiled, only grimaced. His nearly black eyes no longer twinkled. The rumours gradually grew stronger, yet she refused to believe them. She refused to see what those around her could no longer ignore. There were still enough signs that he loved her, albeit barely. During their last night together, however, she had seen the error of her ways. Melkor had taken her for a walk underneath the star-strewn skies, wanting to enjoy her company and needing to talk about something. Her heart had fluttered, believing that he might ask her to bind with him. It would explain why he had behaved so oddly as of late. But when they were in one of the darkest corners of the lands around the home of the Valar and Valier, he began to speak of power. He told her it had been given to them to use. She answered that she was well aware of that, not knowing where the conversation would take them. He questioned whether that was really so. Her heart began to pound harder at those words, her demand to clarify what he meant did not sound as powerful as she had wanted. It was then that he told her that he believed the Valar and their female counterparts were using their powers in the wrong way. Why, he asked, should they use their powers to bring to life trees whose fruits would never be theirs to eat? Why should they restore order to a land they would never roam and that would soon be the subject to the disturbances of Elves, Men and even Dwarves? Together, they could overthrow the others and take what was rightfully theirs, he whispered. She could not believe her ears. All of the whispered words came back, and a part of her recognized them to be true; he had indeed only wanted her powers, not her. None of it had been real. But another part of her had wanted to give him one last chance to prove her wrong. So she had offered him a choice: either he chose her, or he pursued his dreams of power. Melkor chose power. All her strength was drained as he made the decision, she fell down to her knees. She had fought her fear for so long that she was too weak to even beg him to change his mind. She did not even fight when Melkor drew a blade and promised to make her stay by his side. Irmo, her youngest brother, arrived just in time to stop Melkor from drawing all of the blood he needed to bind her to him. He took her home with nothing more than a thin line of blood trickling down her arm. Or at least so he thought. Nienna did not speak to anyone for almost two months. She hardly ate and drank, her already pale skin grew even whiter. She became thin, too thin. Her legs refused to carry her, the strength would not return to her after it had fled her when she had needed it most. And she trusted no one beside both of her brothers. Fortunately, she managed to turn away from the road to destruction she had set foot onto. Slowly, her appetite returned. Her hair regained its usual shine, as did her skin. She was no longer as fragile and unnaturally pale. Her brothers were relieved to see her healthy once again, as were her friends. But they soon discovered that Nienna was not at all done grieving. Until the moment Melkor broke her heart, she had been joyous, a bright presence despite being called She who Weeps. Now, she lived up to her name and shed numerous tears. She began to frequent Námo's halls, where she sought out the souls who were the most distressed and helped Námo to make them whole again. And every year, there would be periods during which no one would be able to make her eat or speak. They were the anniversaries of the day their relationship began and ended. For thousands of years things had continued like this. This though made her return to the present; yes, things had been like this for far longer than she wished to remember, and the position she was in today made her admit to herself that nothing had as of yet changed. And probably wouldn't be changing any time soon. Lightly shaking her head, she tried to ward off the feeling of impending doom that threatened to overwhelm her. Every day she had wished that Melkor would disappear from her life, that she would wake up and find he was never coming back. Yet he had never had the courtesy to fulfill those dreams. Suddenly, she was brought back to the present when Námo stepped in front of her. Irmo was right behind him, less frightening but every bit as powerful as his older brother. They waited patiently for her eyes to focus on them before each taking one of her hands in their own. "Eru Ilúvatar had sent us here to inform you he wants to see you. Please, Nienna, rise. Please," Námo said. It took a few second for his words to penetrate the fog that was clouding her thoughts; she lost almost every connection to reality whenever she was trying to stay afloat in this particular sea of sadness. Slowly, though, the meaning of the words became clear. Nienna nodded. Swallowing convulsively, she allowed her brothers to pull her to her feet. It was only because of the strong hold they had on her hands that she did not fall to the ground, as her legs were no longer accustomed to carrying her weight after sitting down for nearly a week. The world spun a little as she took her first step. "Come, sister," Irmo whispered, gently squeezing her hand. There was encouragement in his tone as well as a small hint of fear. Breathing in and out a couple of times eased the dizziness. From experience she knew that her physical strength would also return, but that it would take several days for her body to be free of the consequences of her journey into darkness. "You can move. I can walk now," she hoarsely told her brothers. Her voice was almost unrecognizable. It was raw, fragile and barely more than a whisper. It sounded far more like nails scratching over iron than it ever had before. When Irmo opened his mouth to protest, Námo shook his head. It was obvious the elder of the three siblings was eager to get to their father as soon as possible. There was no fear in his eyes, only acceptance. Nienna was very aware that Námo's wife, Vairë, knew all there was to know apart from what Eru had not yet chosen to reveal. He might know something no one else was aware of at this point. Under different circumstances, Nienna would have asked him about his knowledge. She was