A/N: I wrote this story as a birthday present for a friend of mine. She liked it, so I decided to post it. This is my first every Lord of the Rings story, so I would love to hear what you think about it. Even if you didn't like it at all! Constructive criticism is greatly appreciated! Disclaimer: I do not own anything. 1 Erestor was faced with a million different sorts of pain when he regained consciousness. His ankle was throbbing, his wrist felt like there were a thousand burning knives penetrating the skin, a burning gash was present on his back, his head felt like a dwarf was trying to break free from it by using his axe. His lungs felt as if they were on fire, there was pressure on his chest, the left side of his face throbbed. When he tried to open his eyes, he found that they refused. His left eye stung, making him flinch. His lip was hurt as well, stinging angrily when his facial features contorted momentarily. "He's up," growled a foul voice near him. Erestor was immediately aware he was not safe. Again trying to open his eyes, he succeeded. He could barely see anything with his left eye, yet the right was all he needed to find himself staring at an ugly Uruk-Hai face. Behind the ugly creature, he noticed the sun was already beginning to sink lower. He tried to get away. He knew he was in a bad state, but he would not go down without a fight. The creatures would have a hard time enjoying themselves with him, he would make sure of that. But then, another thought crept in his head. They already have. Where do you think the pain is coming from? Memories washed over him. He had left the Last Homely House at the break of dawn to allow himself some time to himself before his duties consumed him for the rest of the day. There was a little river at the southern border, and he greatly enjoyed simply sitting there to relax. Those were the only times he did that, since the Valley and his Lord depended on him. That meant he must have been unconscious for nearly a day, at least. It might have been longer. "He'll soon wish he wasn't," snapped a second voice. Panic started to get a hold of Erestor. Though that did not stop the memories. He remembered that the Uruk-Hai had found him at the side of the stream. They had managed to come close enough to him without him knowing they were there to surprise him. Their leader had shouted, his beasts had sprung into action. Erestor had known he would not be able to flee from his foes. There were too many, they were too savage and he was unarmed. He had used the single knife he had had on him to defend himself, though. He had killed two of them, which was why the leader and his creatures had decided to start breaking him down straight away. After all, they wanted nothing more than to see him scream in agony. At first it had simply been punches. More designed to humiliate him and break his resolve than to truly hurt him, they had been landed in his face most of the time. He had struggled against the bonds that had kept him from moving, had tried to fight back. They had gotten bored with the Elf rather quickly. He had proven to be a little too hard to break for Uruk-Hai who had obviously on the road for a very long time. Yet after having some bread and a rather nasty smelling beverage, they had found the time to deal with the Elf again. One of the Uruk-Hai had made to pull Erestor down by his long, black hair, but the councilor had spat at him. Tough it had momentarily stopped the Uruk, he had been twice as determined to get Erestor to talk. And he wasn't above any means, as was typical of his kind. They had begun to kick him as well then, which had fracture his ankle, explaining the throbbing pain. But by the look on their faces, he would be treated to the worst they had very shortly. And he could only hope that he would be able to breathe after they were done. "What are you gonna do?" the first voice again. "I plan on makin' him scream. Now," growled the second Uruk. Erestor shivered. He began mentally preparing for the pain, the humiliation they had in store for him. If he shredded a part of his mind off, tucked it away safely inside, his body would be able to endure the pain. The Uruk now turned around. His claws were holding a knife, dried blood still visible on the tip. His face was split in a grin which bared all his rotten teeth. "He ain't gonna look that pretty when he's all cut up," grinned the first Uruk. Forcing his face to appear avoid of any emotion, Erestor realized his fear was taking a hold of him. He had struggled so hard when they had bound him, yet now he was awaiting his fate without hope for chance. That thought strengthened him. He would make these foul creatures pay for what they had already done, what they were about to do. "Now we've just gotta see how fast his beauty'll fade," grinned the leader. The knife was pushed against Erestor's skin. The coldness gave him something to grasp onto, something that allowed him to focus on something other than the pain he was undoubtedly going to experience. The edge pushed a little deeper into his skin. It was not yet cutting, though the promise it soon would was clear. "I bet it'll be very fast," rumbled his companion. And without any more ado, he brought his hand down against Erestor's already hurt cheek sharply. One of the Uruk's nails cut his skin. Blood trickled down to his neck, the warm liquid in great contrast to the chilly air surrounding him. Tears sprang into his eyes. But he bit them back, as he would not give them the satisfaction of seeing him cry. Again, the hand came down. This time, the blow was aimed lower. It tore his lip, making his gasp in pain and surprise. Where he had taken a blow to it before, this one made him bleed. "Look at that, he wasn't expectin' you to do that," grumbled the first Uruk. The growling sounds the second one made, were undeniably laughter. Erestor felt sick to the stomach as he realized that. "He's damn sweet when he does that, ain't he?" was the next sentence that penetrated his foggy mind. He was pulled up roughly by his hair. His bruised body protested, but he was too weak to do anything. Yet he wasn't sure his captors knew that. If he played stronger, maybe they would see him as too much of a burden and they would leave him. Or kill me , he though immediately after. He pushed that thought from his mind. If he wanted to stand a chance of escaping, he had to believe he was capable. The Uruk touched the blood on Erestor's lip. Dragging it over his cheek, his face split over a grin. "Damn sweet when he's covered in his own blood, too," grunted the other. Some of the other beasts were still eating maggoty bread, the last food they had. There wouldn't be anything else for them for at least some days, possibly a week, judging by the quantity of it. Other were still drinking the strange liquid, but what exactly they were pouring into their mouths Erestor did not know. And he was sure the answer wouldn't please him, so he did not attempt to solve the riddle. "But he still ain't talkin' now, is he?" was the next question. There was no verbal response. Erestor's body tensed, every muscle knowing that what was to come next would make him scream. And scream, he did. The blow to his ribs had made one crack, in addition to his other already badly injured ribs. Fortunately, it was one of his lower ribs. Else, he might have had to deal with a punctured lung. "That ain't talkin'," came the accusation of one of the Uruk-Hai. Erestor had not realized it until then, but he was now surrounded by the others. Apparently, it was more interesting to watch someone being tortured than to eat. He should have expected that. "I like him screamin' more than talkin'," said the bigger Uruk he had seen when he had opened his eyes. There was laughter going through the group. The tone of it was even more evil than Erestor had ever thought it would be. More evil than before. It made him pull against the bonds weakly again. But to no avail. "Then make him scream some more!" they yelled. If he wouldn't have been so scared they would rejoice in his groaning, he wouldn't have refrained. As it was, he kept silent, the only sound he made being his slightly labored breathing. The Uruk began tracing Erestor's face with his claws. With his last strength, he pulled back with a growl. "He doesn't like your touch," grinned another beast. His torturer grinned. The wicked gleam in his eyes meant trouble, and everyone around him knew that. "He'll learn to soon enough," he snapped at the Elf. He brought his hand back to Erestor's chin, grabbing it and forcing the beautiful Elf to look him straight in the eyes. "And that's a promise," he vowed. Nausea came over Erestor. This Uruk was going to make him like being touched by him? And how was he going to do that? Probably by beating him some more in an attempt to make the Elf do as he pleased. What he had not expected was his next order. "Take of his tunic," the Uruk said. One of the creatures pulled a knife from his belt. With practiced ease he began to tear away the fabric. Erestor wanted to struggle. Yet he kept silent, hanging from the bonds tying him to the tree. If he moved, he might get cut. And more pain was the last thing he needed. He was already in so much pain that he had no desire to inflict more of it on himself. And blood loss would only make him weaker. Because he was not very strong anymore. The blood he had lost because of the gash on his back had weakened him. And he needed time to replace it, as the wound had begun to close as far as he could tell. "Seems he's struggling less now," came the grinning observation. Cold claws were pushed against his chest. They were not quite touching, the contact was too light for that. But even the ghostly presence was enough to make Erestor try and pull back slightly in an attempt to create distance. The Uruk did not seem to care. He turned around and grunted to his second in command, making a motion that was meaningless in Erestor's eyes but that told the Uruk exactly what he needed to do. The next thing he saw, was a jar being handed to the leader. There was something in it which resembled water. What did they have in store for him? Were they going to try and frighten him by throwing water over him, as it was something they did not like? But then again, they could not seriously expect him to be afraid of it? After all, they had found him next to a stream. It must be something else. But what? His question was addressed by the Uruk to his far left. "Wha's tha'?" he asked. Throwing his head in his neck, the leader barked his laughter to the skies. "Saruman's own concoction," he spoke wickedly.