A/N: Here is another of my Lord of the Rings stories. I hope you will all ernjoy it. Please let me know whether you did. And if you didn't, please let me know what it was you did not like about the story so that I might imrove my writing. Constructive criticism is greatly appreciated. And maybe even rewarded with cookies! Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings. Nor will I ever, I'm afraid. The long and winding road I know I can't take one more step towards you, Cause all that's waiting is regret. And don't you know I'm not your ghost anymore? You lost the love I loved the most. For so long she has been a part of my life, the Evenstar. Since the day I first met her when she returned to her father's house after spending many years in Lothlórien, she has been by my side in one way or another. That is the way it is between lovers, between those who hold each other's hearts. But we have not been lovers for fifteen years now. The passion that burned so brightly within the both of us before has now been extinguished by the harsh reality. Not even smoldering embers remain. Only ashes as cold as the ice and snow of winter, with a bite just as bitter as the winter's chill. Why, do you ask? Why do I no longer love her? I suppose that question does need answering. After all, it is common knowledge that I lost my heart to her. Why I took it from her grasp should then be known as well, for else I expect my story will not make much sense. It all happened one day in early autumn. I had just returned from a journey to my mother's home as the roads were safe enough to travel peacefully. My heart had yearned to see the daughter of Elrond Half-Elven, as being parted from her was hard in those days. I was not yet mature enough to understand that true love is not lessened as the miles between lovers grow. I am now, though, and I am grateful for it. But I should return to the story. As was my custom, I headed straight for my Evenstar's rooms, not bothering to change out of my slightly muddy tunic and leggings. She was accustomed to seeing me this way, as I had returned to her in this fashion more times than either one of us wished to count. She no longer minded getting her dress muddy, she simply enjoyed me holding her after so many nights apart. She was not there when I arrived, though. Her smell lingered there, yet she herself was not present. Having arrived home earlier that I had expected, I was not at all surprised. Elrond had told me on many occasions that Arwen liked to keep herself occupied when I was not around so she would not have to think about the possibility of something terrible happening to me while I was on the road. The rooms her brothers shared were empty. My heart began to feel a little more heavy at that, though I did not know why at the time. Now I know it was because I had been suspecting something was wrong for quite a while. She had been distant for months, it was as if she wasn't truly there with me when we were together. As I left for the library, I was unaware that there were almost enough pieces of the puzzle laying in front of me to complete it. Whether I was too stupid to notice or did not want to notice and therefore ignored them I still do not know. It does not matter anymore, so I have stopped looking for an answer to that question. Arwen wasn't in the library. Erestor, however, was. When I asked him if he knew where she might be he suggested that I speak to Lindir. Elrond had mentioned to Erestor that his daughter had wanted to meet with the minstrel, so there was a chance she was still there. I was surprised at hearing this. Arwen had never spent any time in Lindir's company as far as I was aware. But then, this relationship could not be easy on her. She was alone quite often, as her father needed to tend to the needs of everyone living in the valley of Imladris and her brothers and I were away more than we were in Rivendell. Mayhap she had been in need of a fried and he had reached out to her, seeing her need and tending to it. If I had know what I would hear when I reached Lindir's chambers, I would not have gone there. I did not, however, and so I practically ran towards his door. The smile on my face was one of pure happiness that I would finally be able to embrace her again, lose myself in her scent. I do not think I had ever walked so fast in my life. As I raised my hand to knock on Lindir's door, I heard a moan. At first I thought I had misunderstood, but another moan, louder this time, made me realize I was mistaken. Thinking that Arwen was not there, I decided I should turn around and continue my search for Arwen. If I had been a mere second faster, if I had not had such excellent hearing, I wouldn't have recognized the voice I suddenly heard, begging Lindir not to stop. As it was, I did. How could I not recognize it when it was the voice that belonged to the She-Elf I had loved until that very second? Because yes, it was Arwen who was moaning under Lindir's ministration. My heart froze, my head started to spin. How could she do this to me? Had I done something wrong? And if so, why had she not talked to me? But the one question that really needed answering was whether it mattered. Whether any excuse she gave me would be good enough to forgive her for betraying my trust, breaking my heart. Why I did it I have never found out, but I knocked. I did not wait for an answer, I just called out. "I know you are in there Arwen. Don't bother denying it. I suggest you stay there. There is no need for you to seek me out again," I said, my voice steadier than I had expected. I did not stay any longer, but made my way towards my rooms as soon as I had finished my sentence. She did not knock on my door that evening. Or the evenings after that, for that matter. And now you know why I am no longer in love with her. Why I no longer love her. Would you still love her if it had been you in my stead? If your answer is yes, then you are much stronger than I will ever be. But then again, maybe not. Maybe Legolas is right and it took more strength to walk away than it would have taken to stay. This leads us, of course, to another question you are undoubtedly asking yourself. Why is she here? Why has she decided to visit me at Gondor? If you want to hear the truth, then there is only one thing I can say: I do not know for sure. I learned to live half-alive, And now you want me one more time. I cannot for the life of me understand why she is doing this. Has she no inkling at all how she is making me feel? How she is making Legolas feel? He is afraid. No, terrified. King Thranduil's son has not yet told me this, but he does not have to. He fears that he might lose me. He fears that she will hurt me once more, break my spirit as she did before. And I understand why. But there is no need for him to worry about that. I will not allow for it to happen. My love for him is far too strong. In the confines of my own mind I would even dare to say it is immortal. As is my lover. As for myself, if I were to be completely honest with myself I would have to admit that I am afraid as well. Not of losing Legolas. Is trust him completely, I have the utmost faith in his love for me. It is every bit as strong as mine. And though he may not realize that I know it, I do. what I am scared of is that Arwen will soon see that I will not be persuaded to rekindle our romance and that she will set about chasing Legolas away to make me believe there is no other choice. It will anger Legolas, and if there is one thing no one wants to see it is an angry Legolas. She can be rather convincing if she wants to be. I learned that the hard way as well. What she seems to be forgetting is that I am no longer the impressionable young man I once was. I have aged, and age brings wisdom. And of course it goes without saying that I do not trust an Elf who sleeps with another after promising her heart to someone. Returning to the question, I must admit that I can guess why she is here. Whether it is the truth I cannot say, as I will never ask her. I believe she is here because I have been crowned King merely two days ago. Now that her people are leaving for the Undying Lands, the fear that she will no longer hold the position she now holds as the daughter of an Elven Lord is gripping at her heart. And with good reason. As soon as the ship she sails on reaches the shores of Valinor all the honour and respect she has been accorded for so long will be directed towards the Valar, who live there. And she knows that as a King I need heirs. She is very much aware I am with Legolas now, as I am holding his hand underneath the table whilst we are eating and I am not being anywhere near subtle about it. It does not stop her from looking at me flirtatiously every now and then, though. She really has no scruples. Lord Elrond would be appalled at her actions if he were here to see the way she is behaving. He raised the twins and their sister to respect everyone, to not hurt anyone. He taught them how to love and how to be loved in return. I do not know where Arwen learned to be this treacherous, this deceiving. But I am certain it was not from Elrond. Or from her grandparents for that matter. The Lord and the Lady of the Golden wood may appear to be frightening, but they are quite the contrary. They are loving, gentle Elves. Mayhap even she does not know. I believe it would be best to focus on the food in front of me again. The way Legolas is squeezing my hand tells me this, as does the fact I am getting more uncomfortable around Arwen with every moment that passes. There is something about her that makes me fear the worst is yet to come. And just as it was that day at Helm's Deep, the long wait before the storm breaks loose is the hardest part. "You have done well so far, Aragorn. Your people are pleased with you. They have regained hope," Arwen suddenly says. I release a breath I did not know I was holding. If she wants to talk about my people and the rebuilding of their homes then I will humour her. It is not a dangerous subject, and I am confident she will grow