First Glance Charlie's smile was smug and subtle as Mrs. Cope skimmed through my records. Mrs. Cope gaped at me with big, dull brown eyes when she finally processed the fact a twelve-year old girl was assigned to ninth grade. I couldn't blame Charlie for his pride, after all his daughter was off soaking up good ol' UV rays with her mother in Arizona. The man would've been an awesome father if not for the flighty woman he had chosen to bear his fruit. It never bothered me he got his parental kicks through me. "Give me a moment," Mrs. Cope fumbled through the various folders and sheets of papers on her desk… not too organized are you woman- She had to maneuver around a laughable amount of framed pictures of cats. A crude drawing of stick figures signed to Aunt Shelly glided off her desk to my feet. Something told me the woman was too motherly for her own good and clearly needed a rugrat to love. "Thank you Sweetheart," she smiled sweetly when I retrieved the paper. She found a signing sheet and a map after floundering for a while and looked to me with blatant concern in her gaze. Mrs. Cope scratched her head and looked to Charlie, "Are you sure you want to go ahead with this Chief Swan? Jasmine is far too young to deal with high school drama. Shouldn't she go back to her old friends?" -What friends?- Before Charlie could fend for me I batted my lashes and looked the nettlesome woman in the eyes. "Mrs. Cope, I understand your concern for my well-being but my test clearly states I have the mental capability to keep up with the rest of the ninth graders here. But if I get into any trouble I'm sure you and Chief Swan wouldn't mind coming to my rescue. I trust you both to keep me safe while I'm under your vigilant care." Playing on her need to dote on the student body was too easy. Mrs. Cope nodded and signed off on my schedule, "Alright. But any hint of teasing you come straight to me and I'll make sure they get their just deserts." A smile briefly graced my features, "I appreciate that Mrs. Cope." -But I can certainly take care of my bloody self- Charlie smiled as we walked out the main office and my tan skin crawled as every eye landed on me. Having arrived to school in a police cruiser and being escorted around by the Chief of Police would have enough flare to call attention. "With the way you handle yourself I doubt you wouldn't be able to charm your way into a decent group of friends." "I don't know. I highly doubt anyone in school wants to make friends with a pubescent nutcase," I followed Charlie to the cruiser and attempted to ignore the pounding heartbeat in my chest. "Don't say that. Don't worry too much okay? Just focus on getting to class on time. Everything else will fall where it should." Students had started to emerge from their cars and I took a deep breath of fresh, Olympic air. Sunlight filtered through the clouds warm and bright as I watched the egocentric twits herd towards their friends. Of course not a single face rang familiar to me. Charlie had insisted I return to school and my overzealous-self decided to show off and test into a high school full of strangers. In fact, just about everything around me felt strange ever since I returned to civilization. Soon as I met the curious eyes of a student… blimey! Since when did gold contacts become the vogue? .. I glanced towards Charlie. Charlie pulled out my lunch bag from the cruiser and handed it to me with an apprehensive smile, "You got this?" I took a deep breath, "Only one way to find out." 1111111111111 Building three was not all that hard to locate, finding the perfect seat for the rest of my sentence in Forks High however was more challenging. I chose to be front and center. Granted, I would be in perfect range for the teacher to pester me with questions but I wanted to be known I was no wallflower. As I stared off towards the white board with my chin in-hand students started to trickle into the class. Most of them eyed me as if I was a lost child, I smiled and waved like a pageant princess. Mrs. Beaver… seriously? With a name like that I'm surprised no one had ran her out of the teaching biz … wrote her name on the white board just as the last two students strolled into class. Boy was my curiosity piqued. Both students were chalk pale with golden eyes… oh hey it's the bloke from earlier! .. and most importantly their heart rates were entirely missing. -Well that certainly doesn't sound healthy for them- My gaze seemed glued to the syllabus before me, but my attention was solely on the oddballs. -Wonder if I should look into that- "Morning everyone! Welcome to your first day of high school. Believe it or not kiddies these will be your golden years, so treasure what you can and make the best of it. You'll never get a chance like this again." Mrs. Beaver looked to me with a smile and I could only smile in return. "How about we get to know each other before we move on to the syllabus? Why don't you start us off Sweetheart? Stand and introduce yourself and mention at least three hobbies you like to do." -Oh joy- I sighed as I stood and looked to the class. "Well I'm Jasmine Davenport." My ears started to ring as I looked to the eyes of my classmates. Whispers started to circle the room. "As for hobbies, well, I sketch a little I guess." "She's the girl that survived the cave-in isn't she?" A girl, well on her way to womanhood by the looks of her athletic physique, whispered to her friend. In an attempted to block out the whispering I cleared my throat and spoke louder, "I'm self-teaching the violin and I like going on hikes in the forest by the house." "For a second there I thought she was going to say making mud pies and playing dress up," Someone chuckled under their breath and I looked straight into big, green eyes. Her gaze was somehow infuriating. Big blank orbs like the gaze of a dead fish. Lack of intelligence usually irked me. She blinked back at me in shock… it's going to be like that huh? … and I arched an eyebrow. She looked down to her notebook as her cheeks flushed pink. I smiled at her as I sat back down on my seat… off to a lovely start! .. and the class resumed to introduce themselves as Mrs. Beaver went down the rows. Whispers kept circling the room and my skin crawled under the gazes of my overly-curious classmates. I looked down to the syllabus and doodled with more focus than necessary, but I couldn't help hearing every ounce of gossip passed around. My jaw clenched tight for a moment, hard enough to send a wave of cold discomfort in the bone. I looked up and the blonde from earlier stood for her introduction. "My name's Lauren Mallory." A sudden palpitation knocked against my chest like a punch to the sternum. -Mallory. Dr. Mallory?- I flinched in the attempt to resist a shudder. My fingers started to go cold and I focused on my doodles again. "I swim, uh. Guess I read a little and bake." A shorter girl with curly locks then stood up with a brilliant smile, "Jessica Stanley." She waved and the warmth in my body was quickly replaced by incessant jolts of ice. -Another one? Blimey what are the odds?- "I like to watch movies, do a little gymnastics, and write short stories." Everything felt surreal all of a sudden. My heartbeat was pounding at my eardrums and my hands froze. I took a deep breath, picking up more than normal. The scents of the twenty-something students in class went straight to my head. I was ready to leave the room, but then the petite ballerina swept by me like a cool wind and grinned at the class. "Hello! I am Alice Cullen. I like to hike with my family, collect fashion magazines, and shopping." She sat back down gracefully and I took closer notice to her outfit. -Indeed, she does have a fashionista's flare- Her companion stood up next and just about every female's heart rate accelerate the moment his voice filled the room, "My name is Edward Cullen. I collect music, play piano, and also go hiking with my family from time to time." He sat back down, his expression easily the face of an irate teen, but the air about him felt mature. -What crawled up his ass and died?- The set of Edward's grimace became more severe and I caught the surreptitious glare aimed in my direction. My head tilted to the side like a curious puppy… what the hell did I do?- The class dragged on to go over the syllabus, which was covered in monster eyes, but my focus was abstracted. My head felt like a balloon ready to pop. The second-hand ticked like the swing of a classic metronome and my nose burned as if I had stuck my head into a bucket of bleach. I set my head down and wrapped my arms around me as tight as possible to block out the various sources of stimulation frying my neurons. Gradually the room felt too chilly against my skin and I felt the goosebumps spread across my flesh. The nasally buzz of the school bell was a welcomed relief. As I collected my things the skin at the back of my neck crawled. From the corner of my eye Fish-face Lauren and Curly-q Jessica stopped just behind my left shoulder. "Hey, Jasmine right?" the blonde shifted all her weight to her right leg to jut her bony hip out. -Smooth- "Yes." I arched an eyebrow and kept my books close to my chest, "Your name is Lauren correct?" "Yeah, and this is Jessica. Do you need any help finding your next class?" -Oh for the love of Kami why?!- The right corner of my mouth curled as my brow furrowed in disbelief, "I think I got it covered. Thanks." Jessica smiled, "Are you sure?" Just as I opened my mouth to refuse my body had gotten cold and tingled from the crown of my head to my toes. -They're like pieces of meat on a hook baiting the Great White. I promised to make those bastards pay and they're making it oh so easy to follow through. I shouldn't though. That part of my life is done and over. Move on bloody git!- Before I could speak Jessica and Lauren had grabbed the rest of my belongings and led me out the door. "C'mon it's not a big deal." Cold, ticklish sensation ran along my spine and pooled into my stomach as I smiled, "I actually have World History next." "That's building six. We can walk you there, that's actually next for us too," Jessica smiled. -You don't say?- They quickly flanked me and looked to my books. "So you're pretty smart to end up in high school already." "Oh, so you know about that?" "You're basically an A-list celebrity in this town," Jessica laughed as she brushed her hair off her shoulder. -No shit! And here I thought they were whispering about the tragedy of fate in Romeo and Juliet behind my back- I sighed, "I see." Lauren set her hand on my shoulder, "Don't worry. We don't think you're weird or anything." "Right." -But everyone else does. Does everyone really know what went on with me?- Lauren's coy smirk wasn't all