Author: BROSMP Summary: Set one year after the Mockingjay part 2. What if Effie never returned to the Twelve afraid of Haymitch's response? What would happen to Haymitch? Would he move on? Would one day she call him? Another story, set right after the movie, based on Hello, from Adele. Hope you like, and reviews please :D Hello Hello, it's me I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet To go over everything They say that time's supposed to heal ya But I ain't done much healing The District Twelve had undergone some major changes since a year had gone by the end of President Snow's government, Effie could tell. While there was still a lot of destruction caused by the bombing from the Capitol, small houses and shops were being built, there were flowers in the park and a peace brought by the lack of the presence from the peacekeepers. Effie's heart was beating fast as she walked down the stone road towards the Victor's Village in her low high heels. The war had also brought changes in Effie herself, who no longer wore wigs and extravagant makeup. No, she'd left her blonde curls fall over her shoulders, wearing a pale yellow dress. Not only because the Capitol's fashion was over, but after realizing all that wasn't important and didn't define who she was. She had learned that from Haymitch. Haymitch, the reason why she was there, and her heart was beating fast as she squeezed the handle of her suitcase in her hand. He had told her not to be a stranger after kissing her, right? Still they hadn't spoken for a year after the sweet kiss. But because of her. Effie hadn't been ready to talk with him while not knowing what to do with her life. The work as escort was over and not much was left to her in the Capitol. Many people in the city were jobless, those related to the games, among them was her. Her life had turned upside down and, after a while, she'd begun to doubt whether Haymitch had been seriously, after the first few months. If that kiss hadn't happened because it was a farewell, or because they had overthrown Snow. When the first month had passed without any news from him and his phone mute when she'd risk calling him, Effie broke her own phone, it was useless now and she'd started focusing on rebuilding her life. But all night, while looking at herself on the mirror and seeing her lips, she'd remember of Haymitch and his kiss and her heart would break, while crying. She wanted him so badly. And then, a year later, seeing that it was August 17, Haymitch's birthday, Effie's longing had increased and she made the decision to go to District Twelve and see him, to know if he felt what she felt for him or not . "Haymitch? Take these sheets to the bedroom." Effie stopped in her tracks, at the iron gate, seeing a woman with black and curly hair smiling and extending a folded sheet set to a blond man, his hair slightly longer than Effie could remember and a small smile on his face as he took the sheet and the two entered together in the victor's house. "Haymitch..." Effie gasped, while her legs trembled and gave away, making her fall on the stones, forgetting her suitcase beside her as the tears rolled down her face. "Haymitch!" She screamed in pain, fighting the lump in her throat while she replayed the image of the man and the woman in her mind again. Why? Why? WHY? "Obviously you fool, after a year do you really think he would be waiting for you with arms wide open? A year without talking to him?" Effie scolded herself, almost smiling as tears continued to fall until the tears gave way to a sad smile and she got up hurriedly, rubbing her eyes, picking up her bag and walking back to the road. There, she leaned against the wall of the empty station, letting the bag fall to her side again and putting a hand to her chest that tightened painfully along with the lump in her throat while their kiss replayed, his thick lips and his beard harsh on her skin, but gentle at the same time, his scent, his hand touching her cheek, mixed with his image and then the strange brunette's smiling and entering the house. Taking a deep breath, she calmed down slowly and picked up a mirror, trying to dry her face and fix her makeup as best she could, then turning around and looking at the Victor's Village road with a sad smile, saying: "Happy birthday Haymitch, my darling, that this summer be good for you..." Then she tried to fake a smile to get on the train and go back to the Capitol. Hello from the other side I must have called a thousand times To tell you I'm sorry for everything that I've done But when I call you never seem to be home One year later... Sitting on her couch and drinking a glass of wine, Effie watched the lights from the Capitol from her window, thoughtful, leaving the papers she had been reading aside. A year had passed since her disastrous visit to District Twelve and gradually she had begun to rebuild her life. Plutarch had gotten her a job as a consultant from District Twelve, but so far she had postponed a visit there as much as she could. She wanted so much for Haymitch to be happy... But it was so hard to see him with another woman after nearly a decade being in love with him. A decade taking care of him, being teased by him, but a decade they'd became friends and then he'd saved her from the Capitol, had stayed by her side in District Thirteen giving her strength and then, he'd kissed her. A new tear rolled down her face, only showing her that she hadn't yet managed to forget about him and then she put a hand to her face, sniffing. Two quickly knocks on the door caused Effie to jump, frightened, how it tended to happen with certain noises after the period of war. Leaving aside the glass of wine, she ran a hand through her blond curls, trying to stay quiet, so maybe the visitor would leave. "Effie, open the door!" "Haymitch?" She muttered to herself, shocked. Stumbling to the door, she put her hand on the doorknob, but her heart was beating so fast and she was so nervous and afraid to face him, she withdrew her hand, bringing her fist to her lips when a cry threatened to slip through her lips. "OPEN THE DAMN DOOR TRINKET!" Effie's eyes widened like two blue plates, opening the door once and gasping. It wasn't the Haymitch she had seen there one year ago, healthy, clean and even smiling. No, his eyes were red, his shirt wrinkled and smelling of alcohol. But what made her take her hands to his face, ignoring the fear that his expression made her feel, was the expression of sadness and disappointment on his face. "Haymitch... what happened to you?" She asked gently, her thumb stroking his face, while holding him, feeling him unshaven, wanting to feel it rub on her skin. Haymitch had to control himself not to kiss her lips painted in red, so sexy even in a situation like that. "You happened." He replied rude, grabbing her wrists and making her release his face and when she opened her mouth, he interrupted. "You've spent nearly a decade pining for me and trying to get my attention. We hung together in District Thirteen, we kissed, but we never talked about it!" He entered the apartment, throwing his hands in the air, visibly drunk and Effie closed the door carefully, turning to him, feeling a little happiness to see him again before he continued to speak and her stomach jumped: "I kissed you because I love you princess. But you've chosen to ignore it. You went to District Twelve and didn't speak to me. Or even to the kids, damn it." Even drunk, he knew what he was talking about. He had been so disappointed and with a broken heart after hearing of her visit from Plutach that morning, nearly breaking his entire house and then turning to bottle after bottle before coming to confront her in the Capitol. It was hard for him to open up to people and even harder to show his feelings to them. But he had entrusted her to his heart to in the end be abandoned like always. "Ho-How do you know I was there?" It was all she managed to say, frowning at him. She hadn't met anyone there that could tell she'd been there. And also, she looked very different now from when she had been an escort. "Plutarch has been keeping an eye on you, did you know?" Seeing her expression of surprised, Haymitch continued, his voice filled with a disappointment that she had never heard before, except on the rare occasions he'd mentioned his family and Maysilee. Could she be wrong? Did he really mean it when he said he loved her? "I asked him to do that, since I couldn't be here with you because of the Mockingjay. He told me you've been quite sad but pretending everything was fine with a smile. He said things were difficult. I tried calling you, but he told me you've hung off the phone line." "Because I've tried to call you several times!" She argued desperately, getting in front of him, her arms hugging her own body. "But you didn't answer." "The telephone lines had been cut while the power was restored in the District Twelve." He replied exasperated and she looked at him surprised. "And after that, I went to a clinic for alcohol detox for almost three months, I was trying to surprise you. But when I called you, the line wasn't working and Plutarch explained me why." He said finally, tired, his hair falling over his moist eyes, making new tears fall from her own eyes and hold him tightly, ignoring his attempt to make her release him. The things he did for her... She thought in pain. "Haymitch... I'm sorry, I'm so sorry..." She said crying, stroking the hairs on his nape and Haymitch's hands fell beside his body motionless. "I needed time to myself to think about my life." "Why didn't you write a letter? Or rather, why bother to go there so if all this hadn't mean anything to you?" "I never said that! If you went all Panem to accuse me of something so ridiculous, you better leave!" She exclaimed, getting away from him, her eyes angry. "When you didn't answer, I admit that I doubted our kiss. And I was feeling so lost that I decided to get away from everything for a while. But when it was your birthday, I gathered courage to confront you and make the visit that I promised, but then I saw you with a brunette smiling and I ran away without talking to you. It wasn't the brightest idea." Effie admitted embarrassed, wiping her eyes and he nodded, staring at her, his face unreadable. "You're right, it wasn't intelligent, you should have told me." She shook her head. "That woman was Hazelle, Gale's mother. She's been working as a housekeep in my house while I was trying to stay sober." What have I done? Effie thought desperate, staring at Haymitch's red eyes. "Haymitch..." She called, in a mix of relief and then sadness at what she had done, taking his hand in hers. "Forgive me please, forgive me. I love you so much..." He just nodded, inhaling her sweet scent, tightening the hold in her hand and then breaking the hold, heading for the