A Warm Winter The phone rang again with the 360 are code displayed prominently on the caller ID as a frustrated Percy Jackson finally set down the pencil to answer it. "Hello?" "Hello, my name is Eric Patterson. I'm with the Washington State Police Department, is there a Paul Blowfish there?" An authoritative voice asked. "Paul Blofis? Yeah, give me a minute," Percy frowned, he put a hand over the phone, "hey Paul, you got cops from the other side of the country wanting to speak with you!" He waited for the shuffling of feet coming down the small hallway of the New York apartment. Paul slugged into view, "what'd you do this time?" he asked jokingly. "He better not have, otherwise I will break a few bones of his," Annabeth snorted from the couch. Percy rolled his hands as he handed him the phone, "this is Paul." The demigod legend walked over to the couch as Paul's expression quickly changed to one of shock. He sat down in one of the chairs with a hand over his mouth, "yeah, I knew her, we dated in college but it didn't last very long." Annabeth glanced at Percy, "uh, what's going on?" "Cops from Washingtn state called, wanted to talk to him for some reason." Annabeth nodded, "well due to his facial expression something might have happened." Percy looked at Paul who was running his free hand through his hair, "no, I didn't know. I haven't talked to her since I last saw her. Are you sure?" Sally poked her head out of the bedroom, "hey Paul, what's going on." Paul raised a finger quickly, "I don't know what to say...I don't know...can I take some time to decide what to do? I need to talk it over with my family." Paul shakingly pressed the end call button. He held his head in his hands as Sally hobbled out, her belly still eight months pregnant, "what is it?" Paul was silent before answering, "I have a daughter...and I didn't even know." -Izzy- I grabbed the carry-on bag from the overhead compartment as the social worker next to me snapped awake. He was just here to make sure I didn't run away once the plane landed and try to get back to Washington. Like he could really stop me. I was my mother's daughter. She raised me to be...special. But running away meant getting caught and sent back in an endless cycle and possibly a criminal record. I don't exactly know about that last part, not entirely sure if it was true or not. But I'm sure my mother would disapprove, even though she was taken from me, right in front of my very eyes. Carly Frost, the name she'd use around mortals was seemingly killed by electrocution. In reality, Zeus stole her spirit. He left her body lying dead. It was hours before anyone saw me sobbing over her. Now here I was, right under his nose like some sick joke. I waited before the social worker nudged me into the aisle to get off the plane. The flight from SeaTac to JFK was annoyingly long. I followed the line slowly and to the gate of the plane. He walked next to me at a brisk pace, "hey, what's the rush?" "I have to get you to your father and get back on another plane to head back to Seattle so I'd appreciate it if you picked up the pace Isabella," he snapped irritatingly. "Do not call me that," I remarked as I stopped by one of those small convenience kiosks and paid for a lemonade. I grabbed it and nodded a quick thank you to the cashier before twisting the bottle open. Neil, as his name tag prompted, gave me an angry look. He pinched his forehead between his fingers, "why couldn't you get anything on the plane?" "Because I know the cost comparison if I bought it at the gate rather than midair. Besides, have you seen the sizes that they give you on the plane? Plus they didn't have lemonade on the plane," I smiled before I took a swig. "You're very aggravating, do you know that?" "Its my way of coping, you'd probably be this way to if you were forced to see your parent die, then get forced to abandon your life that you were comfortable in and move across the country try to live with a parent you never met, so yeah I know, but I don't care." "Look, I'm sorry, but I didn't write the laws, and you're only sixteen. If you were seventeen and a half, you could have filed something with the judge. But you're not so here you are. Now will you please hurry it up." He picked up the pace to a near jog as his phone beeped, he swore once as he started jogging. I slowed down purposely to see if he noticed. Some people just needed to cut loose. That man needed a vacation, if I were him, I'd relax a bit. It's okay for him to miss a flight if he's on company time. He needed to chill. He kept going and disappeared around the corner. I waited a moment before shrugging and walked to the book kiosk, picking up a novel on Celtic Mythology. Bridget would get a kick out of it. I paid quickly and grabbed it before heading in the direction of Neil the Busy Bee. Why couldn't I have stayed with Bridget? She "turns 18" in like two months! She was a reincarnated Celtic Goddess but kind of was dealing with old memories pooping up in her young body. We loved looking at books on Celtic lore just to see if we could trigger a memory. The things mortals miss, sometimes a bit of magic can just cheer up someone's day. Just seeing certain things might help. But the mist was the mist and barely anybody saw through it. I yawned as I shoved it in the bag, careful not to ruin any of my fragile belongings. I took another sip of the lemonade as Neil came scurrying frantically into view, "Isabella! Hurry up!" "Don't call me that!" I shouted back at him as I followed along at a faster pace, "if you're so worried about it, just go catch your plane. I can handle this on my own!" "No! I have to..." I stopped and grabbed his shoulders and looked him dead in the eye, "no, you really want to just say screw it and catch a plane home and then take a vacation because you're really stressed out." I let him go to see if the limited charmspeak worked, he blinked quickly, "listen, if you truly think you can handle it. I'm going to go, just please don't tell my boss." I grinned and looked at the ground, "these lips are sealed. Go home Neil!" He frowned and then smiled, "I need a vacation, kids like you run me ragged." I watched as he jogged back to the terminal. I sighed happily as I readjusted the bag and walked down towards the luggage carousel. I waited patiently for the blue and gray suitcase to come to me. It was only a few minutes before it arrived and I grabbed it. I headed towards the edit where a cluster of people were waiting holding a variety of signs. Layla. Michaelson. Therresa. And last but not least, Isabella. I walked towards the before some other girl ran toward that girl and gave her a hug. Wrong person then. But I never was told who was picking me up or what they looked like. Hell, I've never even spoken to any of them. I looked at the dozens of people standing around before finally giving up and sitting on a bench. I took out my phone, dangerous for demigods but usually, they left me alone. Some monsters just don't like the cold. I opened Messenger and sent a message to Bridget. /Landed Safely, got you a book to see if it helps/ I waited for a moment before it showed that she received the message and was typing. \you meet your faja yet?\ /no, I don't even know wht he looks like/ /*what/ \probably like you but subtract your mom\ /thanks genius/ \your welcome, I g2g, still in school\ I closed the app and looked around again, seeing nobody really stand out. I huffed as I opened my bag and slipped the Elysium Silver knuckles into my pocket. A Cyclops slid down next to me, "hey girl, what's up?" "How ya doing one eye?" "That easy? I thought this disguise was good!" He complained. I laughed, "yeah well I've had practice. Little tip, don't do that in a crowded area either. Now run along." He stood up and walked off before looking at another teenager and quickening his pace. The guy had sea green eyes and messy black hair and looked...well to be honest. Completely lost. It almost seemed like he was looking for someone. He pulled out a picture and looked around before he settled his eyes on me. I looked away quickly and pulled out my phone. 4:19 pm EST. He walked right up to me and paused a moment. I gazed up at him, "can I help you?" "Are you..." He flipped over the photo in his hand, "Isabella Frost?" "Please don't call me that and you seem awfully young to be my dad." He blinked, "oh! No! Uh, Paul is at a teachers meeting and was running late, so he asked me to pick you up. I'm his step son, Percy. Percy Jackson," he extended a hand. I shook it nervously, "Izzy Frost, I guess I'm his daughter as long as I wasn't lied to." "Believe me, none of us had a clue either. It was an awkward dinner conversation. Anyway, my girlfriend is parking the car, do you want me to take your bag?" He asked as he reached for it. I moved it away, "I got it, perfectly capable." "So, uh, do you want to, uh go?" He jerked a thumb in the direction he came. "I don't think I can stay in the airport forever sadly." We started walking in silence as the sounds of the airport flowed around us. We headed for the door to the outside and he paused, "don't you have a jacket?" "In my suitcase, I'm pretty tolerant to the cold. Came with living in the Cascades." He nodded again and opened the door as the refreshing winter breeze blew through my tank top. I beamed as I opened my arms wide. Percy turned and caught me, "what are you doing?" "Enjoying the little things, life is too short to let them pass bye. We're not all immortal so we have to enjoy it while we can." He studied me for a moment as we entered the parking garage, "where did you get that from?" "I dunno, several places. I kinda mash stuff together." "Hey Seaweed-Brain! Over here! You find her yet!?" A girls voice echoed through the parking garage. "Yes Wise-Girl, I'm not totally helpless!" I snickered, initial judgement of Percy as my step-brother: socially awkward. The girl came running up to the two of us had blonde hair and gray eyes. And I mean gray. Like typical Seattle cloudy weather gray. She looked at me up and down, "so you must be Paul's daughter? No offense, but it sounds really weird saying that." "It's okay, weird for me to," I agreed with my eyes closed. Annabeth studied me, "is your hair dyed or natural?" "Natural. Not a fan of platinum blonde?" "No, it's just a hair color I don't see as much," she said. "Speak for yourself gray eyes." "Point taken, c'mon, let's go to the car, Sally said Paul got home a few minutes ago and is nervous enough that he already threw up." "By the way, uh, Isabella, this