-1 Hidden Scars By Lady Firniswin Rating: K+ Summary: Post ROTK. Final installment of "The Blind Can Not See What the Mute Can Not Say". The War of the Ring is over and Aragorn's coronation is close at hand. Can the king, as well as some friends, overcome the scars deeply hidden within their souls? And if they can, what will be the outcome? What freedom will reign within them physically and emotionally? Aragorn couldn't remember a time when he'd been more relieved. ;standing inside the small healing room, listening to the sounds of the hobbits jumping all over Frodo, hugging him and kissing his forehead. Everyone else in the room was laughing and, Aragorn could guess, smiling. All had come and all were present- save of course those that had already fallen. Aside from this, all there was in the room was joy, elation at being reunited. Surprise was there as well, for no one had ever believed for a moment that Frodo and Sam would make it through. Yt they were there- at least part of them. Estel was sure no one else could feel it, but he could sense the deep darkness in Frodo's soul. He didn't know how he could feel it, but it seemed to radiate off the hobbit like the darkness of Mordor itself. It was as if the deep despair that had fallen lived now within Frodo. It was sad. ; such a light that had strived so long and through so much only to be snuffed out. Sure, there was a joy- joy that it was all over. But the darkness had touched Frodo so hard and long that it seemed to be a part of him. Aragorn knew that he would never be rid of it- not on this side of the sea. The man sighed, but continued to smile. But deep inside himself, he was trembling. So much was being asked of him… he wanted to believe that he was ready, that he could lead the people, but he just felt such a strong burden on his shoulders. He was the blessed hope the world had waited for, and yet he was not sure he could be the hope that everyone thought he was. "Why so silent, Strider?" The ranger nearly leapt forward in surprise, heart beating faster than he could ever remember. It had been many a year since he had been startled so deeply. He could almost see the smile on Legolas' face. "Sorry- didn't mean to give you a start." "By Eru you didn't!" He gasped, chuckling. "You know better than to sneak up on an old blind man than that!" Legolas' wrapped an arm around his friend's shoulders and chuckled quietly. "An old blind man yes- that would be cruel. But a feared ranger of the north, slayer of darkness, and future king- I have no pity." "Oh, well thank you then for keeping me on my toes." Aragorn rolled his eyes and leaned back against the wall, still listening to the excitement in the room. "Anytime…" the elven prince smirked, but tightened his grip on the man's shoulder and turned his head to look at him. It was silent a moment as he seemed to read into his friend, opening him up like a well aged elven book and reading every line with care. "Are you ready?" "Ready for what?" Aragorn tried to shrug it off, but he knew that Legolas knew exactly what was wrong- they'd been friends far too long and been through to much. "You know very well Aragorn, son of Arathorn, heir of Isildur. Don't play the fool with me." "You are starting to sound like Gandalf…" "I am not distracted so easily, even if I am, so don't change the subject." Legolas turned back, silent for a moment. His next words were quiet though so only Aragorn's trained ears could hear them. "You are ready for this Aragorn- even if you can't see it. I can. Everyone can. You will be a great king." Estel didn't answer, he just took a deep breath. He knew Legolas wasn't lying and yet he could not grasp the words and believe them. They seemed too far away and too high up for him to chase after them. "Believe me, Aragorn. You are my best friend. You have been from that fateful moment so many years ago- I have seen you lead us and protect us. You are a gifted man and you are this countries' hope- maybe even this world's hope. You can do this. I know your doubt is speaking and I know what it is saying. But why should you listen to it now, you have already accomplished all it has said you can not do!" Legolas' words cut deep into his soul and he blinked, thinking everything over. And yet, though the elven prince spoke the truth, there was still one thing he knew he needed more than anything else. "Maybe…" he whispered, not wanting to speak of it anymore. The elven prince sighed, clasping the man's shoulder and shaking his head. "Just don't forget who you are, Aragorn. Remember who you are." The king nodded silently, but kept his head bowed, obviously deep in thought. He wanted to listen to Legolas, but at the same time, he couldn't help think of how his life had changed. How much different it was, and yet the one person he missed the most would never be a part of it. She was gone, probably already across the sea. Aragorn turned his head away, letting a tear slip down his cheek. 'If only I could be with her one more time…' ~*~ Gandalf smiled brightly, his eyes sparkling with excitement as he walked slowly around Aragorn. There was no doubt- the man looked sharp. His hair was neatly combed, his beard full and regal. He was dressed in his royal military attire and looked to be everything a king of Gondor would be. "You are a sight, Aragorn…" Gandalf chuckled. "Every inch the king you were born to be." Aragorn smiled, bowing his head. "Thank you friend." But he turned his eyes down, sighing quietly. "What is wrong, lad?" Gandalf smirked. "Today is you coronation! You are Lord of all Gondor! What could possibly be on your mind? Do you miss the wilds that badly?!" Gandalf pushed him lightly, jokingly. The king smiled, chuckling a little, but it was obvious it was not his true emotions. "Well… a little, but no. That is not what troubles me." Gandalf squinted, pursing his lips and placing his pipe thoughtfully against his chin. "You do know that by now your sight will never return- if that's what you were hoping for… some miraculous fairy tale miracle…" "Oh, no." This did make Aragorn laugh. "After eighty-plus years I've accepted this." he motioned towards his face. "No… I knew in my heart, even as a child, that I would always be this way. I don't mind- it would be nice to see- but I know better how to be sightless than I know how to act with sight." he smirked. "No need for something I've never had use for." "Ah, well. Some would think you were a miracle-worker. The way you can fight... You are just as good as any elf- and yet, no one would think so. I doubt half of your citizens really believe you are blind. They probably think it is some sort of crazy rumor." Aragorn smiled simply. "Aye. Probably. I doubt any common citizen will ever know. I can get along quite well- even the hobbits didn't know for the longest time. No, I don't tell anyone unless they need to know and so far, no one has. I just let them find out for themselves." Gandalf laughed, shaking his head. "You are indeed a wonder Aragorn, son of Arathorn. Just like your father too." his face became serious again though. "But really- what is bothering you? You are not your normal self…" "I just…" Aragorn sighed, scratching his head. "It's nothing… It will be fine." Gandalf scratched his chin and a moment later smiled, tapping his pipe on a pillar. "Very well then. But don't give up on her Aragorn. She's made of more valiant and honorable stuff than I think even you can realize. Wait for her." Aragorn frowned and turned toward Gandalf, but he knew he was gone. Blinking, Aragorn shrugged and sat down, letting the sun of the garden warm him and wash away his troubles as best as they could. ~*~ Sun bounced off the glimmering white walls of Gondor, shining on all the citizens and making the entire air of the event happy and joyous. Hope had at last come! The anticipation was nearly breath taking and there was not a single face that was downcast or sad. Aragorn knelt quietly, listening as the crowd watched on, waiting and praying for their long awaited king. Utter silence reined over the crowd and Aragorn could sense Gandalf preparing to crown him. All about the courtyard was deathly still. Slowly and gently, Aragorn could feel the crown being placed on his head. Gandalf pulled away and again, there was silence, but not for long. Only enough time for Gandalf to take a breath of peace. It was then that Aragorn realized that Gandalf's mission was complete! His years of waiting were over and now, the one reason he was here on Middle Earth had passed. Melancholy filled the man's heart as he realized that soon, all his friends would be leaving him. "Now come the days of the king!" Gandalf's voice echoed strong and bold throughout the courtyard. Then softly, as if only to Aragorn. "May they be blessed." Silently, Aragorn stood up and turned, blinking and gulping down his nerves. So many years he'd wondered what he could possibly say should this moment actually come and now it was here and he was at a loss. But what was he supposed to say to these people? He had left them without a king for all these years! Surely they would be against him- surely they would call upon Faramir to reclaim stewardship and they would exile him back to Rivendell to be alone forever and ever- His thoughts were silenced as the crowd erupted into applause and cheers. So much so that Aragorn almost wanted to plug his sensitive ears. There were cries all throughout the people, down to the youngest child. And yet, he still lacked inspiration. Still lacked hope. Yes, he would guide these people, willingly as well. It was his calling. 'But,' he sighed inwardly, 'I would rather do it with Arwen by my side.' Steeling his jaw, the new king breathed deeply and turned up his face, gazing blindly over the numerous crowds of cheering people. "This day," he began, keeping his voice strong, "does not belong to one man, but to all. Let us together build this world that we may share in the days of peace." More applause assaulted Aragorn's ears, louder than before. Quietly, Gandalf leaned forward, patting him on the shoulder and giving him strength to carry on. Something soft began to pelt Aragorn and he smiled, feeling the hope blossoming from within as he felt the gentle leaves of the white tree graze his skin. Hope rising within, he sang, continuing down the steps and among not only his people but those from other lands. All bowed as he carried on, though he could hardly tell. If someone bowed their head, Gimli would let up a gruff sound that would let him know to bow to them. All he knew was the feeling of the carpet under his boots and to continue upon that carpet. He was sure that if he strayed, the guards would help him, but he had no intention of letting that happen. Amid the commotion, Aragorn heard footsteps that he knew all too well and