Dying In A Cupboard Means Waking Up As Harry Potter, Right? Rebel I was on a quest with Percy Jackson. Here's a list of everything wrong with that: One, I was pretty sure Percy has managed to mess up all of the quests he'd been on. Two, Percy nearly died more than once on those quests and his "companions" also got put into life-threatening situations, which meant I was doomed. Three, Percy and Annabeth were both younger than me despite having gone on more quests than I had, forcing me into the awkward place of being older, but also having less experience with quests. That's the other thing - this was my first quest. My first . I had been at Camp Half-Blood how many years, and the first quest I get is with Percy freaking Jackson ? And not only that - it was a boring quest. My luck, huh? Apparently, Percy's satyr friend, Grover, sent a distress call. It was probably about an untrained demigod getting stuck in ice with a monster not far behind. Translation: I was doing this for a kid I didn't know or care about. With my recent fortune, they were undoubtedly going to be even younger than Percy. Fun. So, as Percy's mom, Sally, started talking nonstop about Percy's younger days - which, believe me, I was not interested in - I pretended to sleep against the back seat with my arms crossed, my hood over my head, and my long, light brown hair acting as a blanket on top of me. I was so comfortable that I felt myself drifting off to sleep despite Thalia and Annabeth's 'awws' that came out every time Sally got to the "good" part of a story. Percy leaped forward in his chair. He shouted, "Mom, watch out!" Sally swerved to the side of the road in point three seconds, sending me flying into Percy. Annabeth, thank the gods, had already flung open the door and was rushing out with the son of Poseidon on her heels, leaving me to scoot out of the impossibly small care alone. I took out the first weapon I could get my hands on and dashed over to where Percy, Annabeth, and Thalia were standing. They were battle ready, but me? I was too busy glaring at the sword Chiron insisted I bring. I wondered if it would change into the weapon I wanted if I gave it the evil eye long enough. After a few moments, I gazed upward and remembered we were in fighting mode. Or, at least, we were supposed to be. Why was everyone just staring? I relaxed a little - only a little - and peered in the direction Percy and the others were gawking at. I narrowed my eyes. A girl stood where a monster should have been. She didn't seem much older than me—thirteen, maybe fourteen? She was a blinding blonde and her eyes were a golden sort of brown. She was weird though. She carried herself like a princess and wore light blue robes that seemed right out of Harry Potter. That, and her gaze was so distant I wondered if she even noticed the people in front of her. And then she spoke. I'm used to hearing Japanese, and hearing a little Spanish here and there wouldn't even make me pause. But whatever she spoke made me tense up and pray to the gods we hadn't just come across an abnormal, mortal tourist who had run away from the hotel. Annabeth straightened up, leaving Percy to mimic her despite his narrowed eyes. Thalia stood as still as a tree (pun intended) while her eyebrows furrowed. "We speak English," the daughter of Athena spoke calmly, "not German." The girl tilted her head to the side. "I am sorry," the girl said, though I could just barely understand her. Her accent was heavy. "I did not know I had Traveled zhis far." I blinked as Annabeth shifted her position. Just who was this girl? "Did you run away?" Annabeth asked, still tense. The girl shook her head, then stopped. She nodded before saying, "I needed to get away from my fazer. I was making zhings bad. Usually I can Travel far, but I have not Traveled zhis far. Where am I?" "Maine, Bar Harbor," Annabeth answered. Quickly, she added, "You're in America." It was the girl's turn to get suspicious. She took a step back and clenched her fists, as if she thought she could beat us to death. Good luck with that, I thought. "America? How. . .? I cannot be here. I need to go home." Her eyes grew distant again. "I need to go home." As the girl attempted to turn, Thalia took a step forward and shouted, "Wait!" The girl obeyed. Thalia went on, "How did you get here? I could have sworn you just popped up out of nowhere." The girl tilted her head to the side again. "Did you see zhat?" she asked. "Of course we did," Thalia spoke, "We see everything." "Ozhers do not say zhey see anyzhing," the girl said wistfully, as if the thing in question was a mystical wonder of the world. She was seriously starting to become the creepiest person I'd ever met. Well, excluding some of the children that happened to go through the Hermes Cabin that I was very certain were not children of Hermes. My head settled into a slight tilt. "Hey, can you see this?" I asked, waving my sword in the air along with another weapon I had handy. "Rebel!" Thalia scolded. "What? I got a hunch!" I snapped back. "Should zhose zhings be invisible?" the girl asked. Her eyes grew wide and she took a large step forward. "Can you do magic too?" I held up my hands and said, "Woah, that's not what I was saying." The girl's shoulders fell. "Can you do magic?" Percy asked quickly. The girl nodded. "No one believes me when I tell zhem. Zhey say zhey cannot see it when I show them," the girl answered. "Zhey zhink I am crazy." "Is that how you got here?" Annabeth asked. "By magic?" The girl smiled. "You know magic! What all do you know? Invisibility? Traveling? Av—" "Hold on," Percy said, stepping forward. "Are you saying that you just popped up here? You didn't take a plane or a boat?" The girl tilted her head. "Why would I do zhose zhings? I go by Travelling," she said highly. Percy stared. "Well, she's obviously not a mortal," Annabeth spoke. "Yeah, but there's no way she's a demigod, either," Thalia muttered under her breath. "A. . .demigod?" asked the girl. She formed the word weirdly, like she wasn't sure about how she was saying it. "Is zhat what you are?" "Yeah," Percy said. "And we're good ones. Anyway, you said you had a father. . .what happened to your mother?" The girl's face fell. "My fazer did not talk about her," she replied. "He said she was beautiful and. . .and en-chan-ting. He told me she did not stay with me. She was doing more important zhings." Percy glanced at Annabeth and said, "Sounds like a demigod story to me." "I've never heard about anyone with the ability to Travel like that," Annabeth said. "What else can you do?" While the girl tried to answer Annabeth's question, I narrowed my eyes at her and listened to her speak. The girl spoke shakily and carefully, which was freaky to me. Not that anything else about her was less creepy. The way she stood straight up reminded me of royalty, but forced. Like she didn't want to be regal, but she had been trained to be. "When were you born?" I asked suddenly, causing Thalia to roll her eyes. "Oh, come on, Rebel, age is not the most concerning thing—" "1931," the girl replied. There was a bit of silence. Annabeth's eyes were narrowed, Thalia's grew wider than I'd ever seen them, and Percy was frozen. I smiled and threw my hands out. "Ha! I followed a hunch, and look! I just found out we have a time traveler on our hands!" I shouted, and my laugh broke into the sentence. "A time traveler?" asked the girl, her eyes narrowed. "Welcome to 2007!" I exclaimed. The girl's eyes widened, and she took a step back. "Rebel, stop making things worse," Annabeth told her. She faced the new girl. "Look, we've got somewhere to go right now, but we can bring you to someone who might be able to help. Do you think you'd be alright if you came with us?" The girl swallowed, her eyes wide. I would be a bit shocked too, I guess, if I found out I'd jumped through eight decades. And into a different country, no less. "Are you kidding?" Thalia asked. "She's not a trained demigod. Who knows what trouble she could get into!" As much as I hated agreeing with Thalia, I did once I realized just what was happening in German speaking countries in the 1930's. No wonder the girl flipped out when we mentioned she was in America, I thought. "We don't have a choice," Annabeth said, her arms crossed. "If we leave her here for Chiron to pick up, who knows how long it will take? And what if a monster comes by? Whatever she can do is too important to risk her life." Thalia glared, but didn't challenge the daughter of Athena any further. It was fine by me - I just wanted to get back into the car. It was too cold outside. "I-I. . ." she began, backing up another step. "We can help you," Annabeth repeated. "She really can," Percy spoke up, that dorky smile on his face. Although, what was I to say? It seemed to calm the girl down. Percy did have his upsides, I guess. He was a people person, which meant I didn't have to be. "I will go," she said, nodding. She didn't seem very sure of herself. "Is where we are going far?" "But the car is already full," Sally pointed out, speaking up from the other side of the car. It struck me that Sally was in the worst position ever had this girl been an actual monster. I made a mental note to tease Percy with that later, assuming he didn't have to go on another heroic quest to save the world. "We'll have to have four in the back," Annabeth said, giving a glance to Percy's mother. "Grover is only a few minutes away." I groaned. As if this trip wasn't bad enough, now I had to cram myself into a car with people I hardly even knew. We all piled in like clowns and I found myself sitting next to the new girl and Percy. I clenched my teeth, crossed my arms, and settled into what little room I had. This was going to be a long few minutes. "So. . .What's your name?" Percy asked the girl a few miles down the road. The girl answered very quickly and clearly, but I was not going to even try to say that correctly. It might have been her accent, or she may have just had the most unpronounceable name in the universe. Either way, it was not easy to say. "Can I just call you Lulu instead?" I asked. It was the only two syllables I could really make an English name out of. "Rebel, really -" Percy's mom began. "My fazer said my mother called me zhat," the girl said, a smile spreading across her face. "I do not remember it. I was young." I gave a firm nod. "Lulu it is, then." When we finally got to there, wherever "there" was, I decided this truly was the worst quest I could have possibly gotten. It was a school, that much I could see, but it also seemed like a castle that belonged