Title: The Scoop on the Rings Characters: Boromir, Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, Merry, Pippin, Gandalf, OC, plus others. Summary: A young reporter gets lost while trying to locate a crime scene, and finds herself interfering with an orc attack. How will she cope with suddenly being in a medieaval world that's facing an oncoming apocalypse, and more importantly, how will she land her front page story? Warning: The OC is a total author avatar, down to her bimbo-ness. You have been warned. Also, sarcasm and self-mockery. Genre: Comedy, Drama, Action Adventure The Scoop on the Rings Scoop: (n) Journalism. A news item, report, or story first revealed in one paper, magazine, newscast, etc. Chapter 1: The Tip-Off She stared at the forest. Lichens covered the trunks of the twisted trees and dry leaves from last autumn carpeted the ground. Brownish red toadstools peeked out from beneath them. "There ain't any way you can get in there 'cept on horseback or on foot," said the farmer, Philip Thorne. He'd been the one who'd found the body in the forest and called the police. The body was believed to be that of twenty four year old Manny Wilkins, who'd been charged two years ago with manufacturing meth. Manny had failed to turn up to court nine months ago and the police had been searching for him ever since. It seemed Manny had had a very valid reason for not turning up. "Could I…perhaps…borrow a horse?" Leila asked as she fiddled with the spiral binding at the top of her notebook, hoping she looked cute and innocent enough for him to relent and say yes. That was one of her 'weapons' for getting people to talk to her. They said a lot of things when they assumed she was a harmless Asian bimbo. That made for good quotes. However, this time, it was harder. No one lost anything when they gave her quotes. Here, she was asking for a horse. The farmer looked her up and down. "Can you ride?" he asked her when he'd decided she was going to bring the horse back after she was done. It could be a while. There was a crime scene in the middle of that forest. Not only did she want to cover the crime, but if possible, do a little feature on the lives of forensic scientists —not the scientific side, but the human side. These were people who dealt with the darkest aspects of human nature daily. Surely they had stories to tell. With the world's current obsession with forensic cop shows, it would probably be well received. And if it was going to be well received, allowed or not, they'd probably let her publish it instead of having her send it off to a magazine somewhere else. "I took lessons when I was little," she said. That much was true. What she didn't tell him was she had had a one hour lesson every two weeks and stopped before she'd learned to canter properly. Then again, he didn't need to know that. "Please? I would be so grateful, and I will be sure to mention your farm in my article." He was, after all, the one who'd found the body. "I s'pose I could do with some publicity," he mused. "All right, then. You can take Daffodil." Daffodil, it turned out, was a monster of a horse, with black patches that made him look more like a dairy cow. Leila wondered if she was going to be able to straddle the animal, but there was nothing for it. There was a story inside that forest and being the most junior and only reporter in that newsroom, she had to produce results if anyone was going to ever treat her as an equal. Otherwise, she'd be stuck with pumpkin contests and ethnic celebrations for the rest of her life. Such was the burden of being a reporter of an ethnic minority. She used the tallest step of the mounting block, wishing she'd worn stretchier pants which would allow for more movement. She only ever wore her favourite skinny jeans when she went out. Her big tote, with all her essential items including a pair of black leather heels and a tank-dress —one never knew who one was going to interview in the course of a day; she'd walked into work one day and had been told she would be following the prime minister around all day— was transferred into a saddle bag. Only her phone, her pen, her voice recorder and her taser remained in her pockets. Daffodil stood still as she mounted. His ears flopped as he dozed contentedly and it seemed as if he hardly noticed the additional weight until she dug her heels into his flanks. He ambled forward, more inclined to an afternoon stroll than a brisk trot. It took a few more kicks to convince him that time was of the essence. Somehow, her body still remembered how it felt to be on a moving horse, and she began to move with Daffodil's gait as he broke into a trot. Up. Down. Up. Down. Perhaps this was going to turn out to be a good day after all. She'd forgotten how much she loved being on horseback. Tree after tree after tree passed her by. However, there was no sign of yellow police crime scene tape. She took out her phone to check the GPS, only to find it wasn't working. Dammit. If she didn't get there soon, the police, the crime scene units, the coroner and the corpse would be gone, and she would have no one to interview. If she didn't have an interview, she would have no story. And if she didn't get a good story soon, she was going to be stuck writing about fluffy bunnies and biggest pumpkin contests for the rest of her journalistic career. Then, it was as if her prayers were answered. She heard voices. Actually, She heard a lot of voices, the clang of metal, and what sounded like war cries. Where there was chaos and panic, there was probably a good story. She kicked Daffodil into a canter. It took a few tries, but he finally got the idea. She clung onto the saddle and his mane as she bounced so high that once or twice, she felt as if she would fly right off. Her butt was numb. That was probably better than the alternative. The voices drew closer. So did the clanging. She screamed as something flew right by her head. Something long and sharp with a pointy end. The arrow embedded itself in a tree trunk behind her. Leila lost her cool. She'd wanted a story, but she wasn't the type of journalist who would risk being shot at to get the story. Her dream was to write for Vogue , not Al Jazeera ! Another arrow flew past her. Daffodil snorted. He didn't like this either. "Come on, boy," she said. "Let's go." She'd call the police and once they'd cleaned up this mess, whatever it was, she would report on it. But until then, she was getting out of there. That was, she was planning on getting out of here until she heard a snarl behind her, and turned around to see something that she'd thought only existed on DVD. A great many somethings. Oh...—this was never going to be published, so no censorship was necessary—…shit. — He had failed. He had failed them all. He had failed Frodo, he had failed Merry and Pippin, and most of all, he had failed himself. Boromir felt his strength flow out of his body with his blood. Still, he forced himself to stand. Hot blood trickled down his side. No son of Gondor was going to fall before his last breath left his body, and he still had plenty of breath. Black blood splashed onto his face as his blade cleaved the skull of an orc into two. He knew he was going to die. It was fitting. He had broken his oath to Frodo and to the Fellowship. He had let the Ring's lies trick him into betraying everything he believed in. He'd lost his honour and only his death could possibly atone for that. Just as the orc archer was about to take aim again, a scream almost as sharp and long as that of a Nazgûl rent the air. The orc's arrow flew wide as what looked very much like a cow charged into the fray, distracting the orcs. The 'cow' ran into the orc archer. The arrow flew wide and grazed a tree trunk, taking a good portion of the bark with it. It was at that moment that Aragorn chose to make his appearance. — There was nowhere else to go! The way she'd come was now blocked by what she hoped were not, but were most likely, orcs. And they were the big ones that appeared at the end of the first Lord of the Rings movie. What were they called again? Ah, yes. Uruk Hai. She was probably not even a snack for them. 'Please let this be a prank,' she prayed as she wheeled Daffodil around. The leading orc snarled, revealing teeth that could not possibly be fake. Cops didn't like the media, but they didn't hate the media this much, did they? That was it. Leila turned Daffodil around again and headed deeper into the forest. It was the only way she could go, since the way back was now blocked. Daffodil didn't need more encouragement. He didn't like this situation any more than she did. Only, as he surged forward, they found themselves in a clearing with more orcs and a clearly wounded dark haired man trying his best to fend them off and failing. The man favoured his right side, from which one of those black arrows with extremely thick shafts was protruding. His sword was in his left hand. Judging from the way he had to adjust, that was not his sword hand. She saw an archer raise his bow to aim at him. There was nothing for it, and it wasn't as if she could control herself anyway. She screamed again, distracting the orc long enough for the man to leap out of the way. The distraction, by the way, had not been deliberate. She'd just screamed because she'd thought someone had been about to die in front of her eyes. Now, she had the full attention of the orcs. She didn't even like being at the centre of attention amongst humans! Orcs were…bad. Yes, that was the in-depth analysis of a highly trained and coherent journalist. Not. There was nowhere to run. The orcs chasing her had caught up. She could either give up and die now, or she could die fighting. Or, rather, she could die while trying to fight. Her best friend had been the fencing champion, not her. Leila was more of a flight person than a fight one. She pulled out her taser. A fat lot of good that was going to do, but it was the only thing she had. Or was it? Ideas whirled through her head. She had a horse. Armoured knights on horseback were the tanks of the Middle Ages. Bohemond of Antioch had used one hundred knights to defeat one thousand light Muslim cavalry. Granted, Daffodil was no trained destrier, and she was no armoured knight, but they were just going to have to improvise. "Come on, boy!" she screamed at Daffodil. The already nervous horse bolted forwards. One orc poked his iron lance at her. It was sheer luck that it didn't skewer her. She touched the lance with her taser. The jolt of electricity travelled down the weapon to send the orc into a series of convulsions. Lucky break. The archer took aim again. Not cool. She thought quickly. "Finally!" she shouted at a point behind the orc. "What took you