MY STORY AND I OWN NOTHING ELSE. NO COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT INTENDED! It's so cold in here and I can barely breathe, I already feel flustered and like a nervous wreck. I wish I was able to squeeze Alice's hand right now, I looked behind to get a glimpse of her one more time before everything started. She gave me a big smile and mouthed "You can do it". I really hope she's right. At least her hands get to heal from me constantly squeezing the life out of them, it always calms me when Alice squeezes back. I looked to the prosecutor next to me, not even two feet away. Rosalie Smith, the youngest but toughest of her peers, not even thirty but she's great at what she does and has yet to lose a case, not to mention how beautiful and intimidating she always looks. She gave me a reassuring smile and put her hand on my shoulder. She whispers into my ear, "everything will be fine, just trust me and be brave". I took in a deep breath. I watched as Rosalie flipped her blonde mid-back length hair over her shoulder. She had it styled in vintage waves while she wore a black leather pencil skirt that went almost to her ankles with a white satin blouse that had a bow on the right side of the chest. Her cherry red lipstick matching her red pumps while her black stockings had a fishnet seam running up the back of each leg. Her look was completed with heavily donned eyeliner and mascara. She's dressed in such a seductive way yet not inappropriate for the courtroom. She always looks and seemed so confident and self-assured. She's everything I wish to be. "All rise." I heard a man call out. I quickly rose to my feet and so did everyone else in the court as the Judge took his place. "You may be seated." I sat and started to squeeze my hands together, I feel like all my blood is rushing to my head and I'm going to pass out. I tuned out most of what the Judge was saying. You're making the right choice, Bella. Everything will be fine, just be brave. Everything will be fine, just be brave. Everything will be fine, just be brave. Everything will be fine, just be brave. Everything will be fine, just be brave. I kept repeating it in my head, over and over. "As per request by both the prosecution and accused, this trial and courtroom is closed. Heaven knows we don't need a media circus in this courtroom." The Judge's deep voice cut through the courtroom like a sharp blade. "Ms. Smith, you may give your opening statement." The judge said and Rosalie rose in her usually confident manner. "Good morning ladies and gentlemen of the jury, my name is Rosalie Smith and I'll be prosecuting this case against Edward Masters, the handsome gentleman before you who stands accused of rape and false imprisonment. You're going to hear evidence and be told a lot of different things, it's your jobs to see through the smoke and mirrors the defense will throw at you. You're all here to determine beyond a reasonable doubt whether Edward masters is guilty or innocent. Now, the defense will have you believe he's an upstanding guy who spends his time donating to charities and good causes, helping others and just golfing his days away." "Some aspects of that is true, he is quite known for always giving a helping hand. But he's also known for his ruthless business tactics, superior attitude and feeling of entitlement. Thirty-one year old Edward Masters is the owner of the largest oil company in the world and a co-owner of two of the second largest oil companies in the world. He's amassed billions of dollars of wealth and owns quite a number of mines due to his savagery and not so upstanding tactics. He has also probably never heard the word 'NO' in his life. I know what you're thinking, why does he have to rape if he's so successful and handsome?" "Someone that successful and with an ego the size of the moon doesn't feel he has to worry about the repercussions of his actions. He can take whatever he wants whenever he wants. I'm here to take off the mask that he shows everyone. I'm here to show you his true self, the one he showed twenty-two year old Isabella Adams on the night of January 5th this year when he brutally raped her in his private jet, taking away her innocence. I'm here to show you the Edward Masters who held her against her will after brutally raping and told her he would have her family slaughtered if she uttered a word about the rape." "The defense will have you believe differently, no, this isn't a case of buyer's remorse, Isabella didn't have consensual sex with Mr. Masters then regretted it. Mr. Masters saw her and he wanted her and we all know the ruthless tycoon-Edward Masters ALWAYS gets what he wants. After pursuing her for weeks he finally got her to give him a chance. He thought if he wined her, dined her and bought her a few expensive gifts she would open her legs for him like every other woman has done so for him in the past. After all, she was just another prize he was trying to score so he could add another win to his record of sickening achievements. But that didn't happen and when she wouldn't throw herself at him he flew into a fit of rage and showed her the monster he really is. The monster I'm going to reveal to you." Rosalie finished then returned to her seat next to me. She rubbed my back gently and reassuringly. She had spent a lot of time with Alice and I the past few months, mostly prepping me for trial. "Will the defense like to give an opening statement now?" The judge asked. "Not at this time, your honor." "Prosecution may call their first witness." The judge gestured at Rosalie. "The prosecution calls Alice Blanc." "State your name for the record please." I watched as Alice was sworn in. She gave me a small smile. "Ms. Blanc, what's your relationship to Isabella Adams?" "She's my best-friend, we've been best-friends since kindergarten." "So we can all assume that you know her well?" "I know her better than she knows herself." Alice told Rosalie with a smile. "Would you say she's someone with good character?" "She has excellent character, Bella is the most humble, honest and generous human being I know." "You wouldn't happen to be saying this just because you two are friends would you?" "BESTFRIENDS and no. Bella's such a sweet person, if it weren't for me she would let people walk all over her." "Do you recall the morning of January 6th this year?" "Yes, I do." Alice answered. "Please elaborate on the events of that morning for court." "Well, I was awakened by the doorbell, I went to answer the door and Bella was standing at the door. She was wearing new, designer clothing I had never seen her in but she still looked disheveled and upset. When I asked her why she looked so, she told me she was fine and to leave her alone. She locked herself in her room for hours." "So you and Ms. Adams shared a place?" "Yes, we used to share an apartment until we had to be put in protective custody." "What else happened that day?" "I was worried and wanted to know if she was alright so I knocked on her bedroom door. After getting no response for a while she said again said she was fine and to leave her alone." I noticed Edward 's lawyer was writing constantly. He seemed so focused. "What happened next?" Rosalie asked Alice. "I felt bad she seemed to be hurting and wouldn't let me help so I sat on the floor at her bedroom door and talked to her." Alice POV Bella, do you remember our first day of middle school. After classes ended your Dad picked us up and took us for ice cream. When we got to the ice cream parlour your Dad asked what we wanted, I was so upset that day I told him I didn't want anything. But you told him to get me strawberry with extra sprinkles cause you knew that's what I liked." "When we got to your house I was still upset and told you I didn't want to talk. Remember that? You asked me what happened and I said 'I'm fine, now leave me alone!' Then I ran out to the backyard to get away from you. Then you follo-" "I followed you and told you I'm not gonna leave you alone, cause when you feel sad I feel sad and I don't want you to feel sad, Aly." Bella said from the other side of the door. A moment later I heard a click, she opened it. "Then you told me early that morning your Mom had hit you across your back with a broom handle, nine times." Bella said softly. "Yeah, I remember." I whispered. "You have to tell me what's wrong." I pleaded. "When you hurt, I hurt too and I hate it when you're hurting and won't let me help you." I told her as I tried fruitlessly to hold back my own tears. I hugged her tightly. "What's the matter, Bella?" I asked her as she sobbed in my arms. *END FLASHBACK* Bella's POV "When I finally got Bella to open the door and talk to me, she told me he raped her." Alice seethed while staring at him intently. The entire court was silent and the jury was very attentive. I felt the eyes of some of the jurors on me, like they were judging me. "He who, Ms. Blanc?" " Edward Masters ." Alice seethed with disgust. "Is this the man you're referring to?" Rosalie asked as she pointed at him. "Yes, that's him." The jurors directed their attention over to him . "Let the record reflect Ms. Blanc has identified the defendant as the man Isabella Adams confessed raped her." "What happened after Ms. Adams confessed that Mr. Masters raped her?" "I comforted her, we spoke about it and I was eventually able to convince her not to shower and to let me call the police." Alice said. The memory of it made me feel dirty. "She was hesitant in coming forward?" Rosalie asked. "Yes. Bella said Edward told her if she breathes a word to anyone, he'd kill her family and she knows he has the means to do it. If she doesn't tell he would take care of her financial needs and make sure she's comfortable. She'd be a fool not to take his offer because if she tells the case won't even go to trial, he can buy the prosecution office and the jurors, he's ' Edward Masters '. That's exactly what she told me." "Objection! Hearsay!" His big, intimidating lawyer shouted in his German accent. "Sustained. Move it along, Ms. Smith. " Was all the judge said. "Did you see any markings or bruises on Ms. Adams?" "Yes, when she removed the sweater she was wearing I noticed a number of hickeys and bruises on her neck, wrists and chest. She had bite marks on her shoulders but everywhere else was covered up so I couldn't see." "Thank you, Ms. Blanc." "Your witness." The judge said as he motioned to his attorney. "I have no questions for this witness at this time your honor but I do reserve the right to cross at a later date." His attorney said looking uninterested. "So noted. You may step down, Ms. Blanc. Prosecution may call next witness " The Judge said. "The people call Dr. Lynn Sears to