This is not an epic and does not deal with huge dilemmas or controversial issues. Just a moment in time, I hope you have fun. I apologize in advance; I don't have a beta and my English has become rusty over the years. Reviews are more than welcome! Note: Thanks to Certh for pointing out some mistakes! Disclaimer: Nothing here is mine, and I make no profit Eldarion pouted on the bed, red spots all over his arms and face and neck. "Why did I have to become sick when you are here?" Legolas smiled with his back turned on his godson. He wrung a cloth in water of soothing herbs and sat back down on the edge of the bed. "Sickness does not ask for time and place," he dabbed the boy's face gently, helping somewhat with the insistent itching. "We can't even go riding like you promised me." Legolas chuckled and shook his head: "I am sure you will get better before I have to leave." He washed the boy's arms and neck, reminding him once in a while not to scratch the spots. Eldarion kept telling him of all the things he had learned and done during their time apart. Legolas tried to make frequent visits to Minas Tirith from his realm in Ithilien. It was a good thing he had been raised a prince: he knew his way in politics and could spot issues that were immediately seeking attention from ones that could wait a moment. Also, being Eldarion's godfather was a great motivator to visit the Royal Family. Legolas suspected the role was Aragorn's discreet command that he stay a part of the former Ranger's life. Not that he had any reason to leave yet. "Now," the Elf said as he placed the now semi-dry cloth on his lap. "Since you have been so talkative today, you need to rest." The boy wrung his nose at the thought. "I am not sleepy." "When I was sick as a child- or," Legolas waved his hand in a so-and-so gesture, "not really sick since Elves can't contract illnesses, but I did get hurt sometimes. When I was in bedrest, my Ada would tell me stories of Doriath, his adventures or what I had done as a baby." "Will you tell me something, Legolas?" Legolas opened his mouth to answer when the door to Eldarion's chamber opened and Aragorn stepped in. The man wore his crown and royal robes; it was obvious he had just left a meeting. "Hello there," he placed a kiss on his son's head. "How are you feeling?" "Fine, I guess," Eldarion answered as his father checked his fever. Obviously pleased with the mildness of the symptoms, the King sat beside Legolas who turned to his longtime friend. "I was about to tell a story to Eldarion. Help me choose one." "I want one of the adventures you and Pa had when you were young," Eldarion voiced his wish and Legolas laughed. "You hear that, Strider?" He adjusted the crown on the King's head with his hand. "Young." The man frowned and inspected the Elf's face closer in mock seriousness: "You do have some wrinkles on your face." Both burst into laughter and Eldarion stared at them with his arms crossed over his chest. "You are mean." Legolas got himself under control: "I am sorry," he placed a hand on the boy's cheek and some of Eldarion's hurt was cured. "A story of us, huh," Aragorn pondered on the request. "There are quite many of those." "How about the time we visited that one settlement during the festival?" "That really is not for children," the King shuddered as he thought of the morning after. "How about the time we had a horse race and you got off track?" "I did not get off track! It was a short cut!" "It took me three hours to find you!" "What about the time we were camping by the lake and you nearly set the field on fire?" "You think that is bad? How about that one time in Mirkwood when you insisted the cooks let you-" "Alright!" Legolas shrieked and raised his hands to stop the building argument. He really did not need the mental images in his head. "Maybe we should think of something a bit- shorter." The pair was silent for a moment. "How about one with the Fellowship?" "Works for me," Legolas shrugged and Eldarion perched on his seat. "The one in Moria?" "No," Aragorn shook his head. They had toned that tale down for Eldarion quite drastically but the real memories would remain. "The Quest was not all mortal danger and perils." "We had some fun moments too," Legolas nodded and a smile spread on his lips. "What about the one two nights before we reached Caradhras?" Aragorn quickly caught where the Elf's thoughts were referring to. "I had nearly forgotten about it." "Does it have fighting?" Eldarion voiced his preference. "Well," Legolas stretched the word. "Boromir had his sword with him at one point." … The Fellowship had one of those nights; they were all weary but not tired enough to sleep. Gimli had watch duty but still everyone was awake. They were either sitting by the trees or leaning against the rocks. An owl hooted in the distance and the wind rustled the leaves. Legolas was absent-mindedly carving on a piece of wood with his boot knife. He was no trying to make out any shape or form. His mind was too alert and woodcraft was a wonderful distraction. He lifted the thing against the moonlight and scrutinized it with his eye, trying to decide whether he could make something recognizable. His attention was wavered when one of the Hobbits walked by him. "You should be sleeping," He twisted his neck to look at the Ring Bearer. Frodo snorted quietly. "You're one to talk. I still believe Elves suffer from insomnia." "You should take advantage of my good mood while it lasts," Legolas shrugged. "What?" Frodo laughed. "Once going gets tough, you lose your benevolence?" "Exactly," The Elf grinned. "You have never seen me in a battle. I am known as Captain Terror back home." "You could never be any harsher leader than Gandalf or Strider," Pippin confessed. The said Ranger rolled his eyes and Boromir cracked a smile. "Let me tell you," Legolas placed his knife back inside his boot and threw the not-so-finished piece of timber to the forest," if you make me your leader for a day, you will be begging for Aragorn and Mithrandir to take over by the noon." "I find that difficult to imagine," Boromir shook his head and Legolas gave him a sweet smile. "I was not appointed a captain just because of my good looks." "Or the fact that you're the King's son," Aragorn commented with his pipe on his hand. "Ada does not play favorites," Legolas laid on his bedroll properly and sighed deeply, willing his body to relax. He listened to the voices of the forest and the small murmur of conversation around the camp. He tried to think of flowery meadows, gentle streams and the singing of birds. His pointed ears visibly twitched as he caught a strange, high sound. He propped his upper body up on his elbows and tried to locate the sound again. "What-" He shushed Sam's inquiry and concentrated. The noise came again and the Elf rose on his feet. "There is something out there," he said quietly but still managed to alert everyone. Gimli took his axe by the rock he was sitting on and the others grasped the handles on their swords. "Is it the Black Riders?" Merry asked. "No," Legolas shook his head. "I would have felt it straight away." "A warg?" Aragorn offered. "I need to get closer," The Elf crept towards the edge of the forest. He heard the sound again and raised his hand to get everyone halt their strikes. Some seven meters from the camp, his eyes met a heart wrenching sight. "Oh, you poor little fellow!" If not the words, then the high octave of the Elf's voice made everyone relax their stance and walk closer to the scene. A wolf cub had gotten his front paw caught on some rope, obviously a trap. The animal was growling at the company with its back arched. "Don't be afraid," Legolas cooed at the frightened wolf while waving with his hand for others to give him some space. Slowly, the Elf sank on his knees and offered his hand for the cub to smell. His reward was near claw marks on his skin. "I am just trying to help," The Elf did not give in and gently grabbed the cub by the neck scruff. "Careful! You don't want to get bitten," Sam reminded. "Let's get this nasty rope off you," he wrung the paw off the trap and soon the wolf was free. Legolas inspected the paw quickly to make sure it was not broken. By the time he was finished, the cub had calmed down considerably and was content on resting on the fair beings hands. "Oh," Legolas stood up with the small animal in a tight cuddle. "Aren't you the cutest little thing!" The other's had to admit that there was something more than adorable in the sight of the tiny wolf with Legolas. The fluffy tail waved as the Elf scratched on the white stomach and between the ears. "Let's get you to our camp," The Elf cooed and began walking towards the area. "We still have some venison left." Legolas nevertheless asked for Aragorn to check the paw once more to ensure it was not damaged. The Ranger and the Elf sat by the fire with the latter still holding the wolf in his arms. The animal was not happy with Aragorn being so near. "Tsk, tsk," the Elf shook his head as the cub bared his teeth and growled at the swordsman. "It is just Aragorn. He means no harm to you." "Legolas," the Ranger shook his head. "It is a wild animal. It cannot understand you." "Horses are wild too," the Elf argued as he took a piece of meat and fed it to the cub, "and they have never let me down." "Wrong, horses are tamed. Wildlife acts by their primal-" "Isn't that good," Legolas had lost his friend by the time the cub had munched down the first piece. "You want some more?" Aragorn stared at the scene dumbstruck for a second before he gave up and walked to the rest of the company. He raised his hands in a sign of not taking any responsibility of what was happening or about to. Gimli shook his head: "Sometimes I really think the Elf is not in his right mind." "Wood Elves tend to be a bit-" Gandalf searched for a proper, polite term ,"special." "Special in what way: the good or 'I really don't understand him but he's too charming'?" "Is he like this with all animals?" Boromir asked and Aragorn looked at the Steward's son. "No, only young ones. He is a pure nightmare with puppies and kittens." "He holds that cub like it's a baby," Pippin commented and then turned his head to the Ranger. "Does he have any children?" "Legolas? No, I hope not." "Maybe he should have some." "Aren't you a good boy!" Aragorn felt like hitting his head against a tree; his friend was making a complete fool out of himself. Frodo made an unsuccessful attempt to hide a smile. "He should wait until he matures a little." After a decent meal, Legolas set the cub down, finally. "You should go back to your mother," the Elf said," before she gets worried and starts looking for you." The cub looked at the forest and Legolas sat on the rock. The fellowship was relieved the animal was starting to leave and walked back to their sleeping places.