A/N: Since my last story was so well received, I decided to publish another one. I have not really thought of where this fits in the timeline. So, depending on your interpretation of Thranduil in the Hobbit it can be either before the movies or after. This focuses on Thranduil's fatherly feelings and parental love. Reviews are welcome Special thanks to SayaEvange who was my beta for this story. ... ... Inferno When Thranduil arrived at the scene, he grimly realized there was little anyone could do. The village, inhabited by a hundred elves, was going to be completely lost before the morning light. The raging red and orange flames were a stark contrast against the dark trees and deep blue night sky. No house, no hut, no barn had managed to avoid the inferno. He descended his elk and looked around. All around him refugees had gathered in groups. Shock was evident on their faces: children were crying in fear while adults attempted to mask their feelings. Some were helping throw water and sand on the flames although most of the work fell on the King's guard. "Report." The King approached one of his most trusted guards, with Galion on his heels. The Elf snapped to attention. "So far, we have no casualties." The lines around Thranduil's mouth tightened but he could not arguer the word choice wasn't appropriate. "How many are unaccounted for?" "I can't say with certainty, My Lord. We're still getting people out of the houses." The King let his eyes wander around the area. Some of the houses had already crumbled to the ground, reduced to nothing but black, ashen wood. Yet, a few still stood, for now. Thranduil knew that the most they could do now was to make sure everyone was safe and then focus all their efforts on stopping the fire from spreading to the trees. Then his eyes spotted a group of warriors outside a two-story wooden building. He rarely had a chance to witness his son in action and he cherished the moment. Most news he had gotten of his son's progress and capability to act as a captain of his own unit had been received through reports which only outlined each mission. They left out many things that Thranduil yearned to know: did Legolas feel like he belonged; did he handle stress well; did he ever doubt his abilities; did he miss home? His connection to Legolas had wavered tremendously as the Elf had grown. It was normal, certainly, and Thranduil could remember being quite a handful for his father at Legolas' age. What scared him was that neither had any idea how to mend their relationship. Legolas' eyes met his and the young elf made his way to his father. "The door is blocked." Legolas wiped soot and sweat from his face. "But we heard voices so whoever is inside is still alive." Thranduil nodded and watched as the warriors manage to make an opening and help out an Elf-maiden. She was in shock, breathing erratically and something in Thranduil's chest tightened: he recognized the hysteria was not only from losing a home. "My child is still there!" The woman grabbed Legolas' arms to get his attention. The prince's eyes widened and the other warriors tensed; children were extremely dear to their race and the thought of losing any was horrendous. "I have to get her!" Legolas gently grabbed the woman's arm. "I will get her," he reassured the woman. "Where is she?" "Second floor. She was sleeping." the woman placed a hand over her mouth, tears running down her cheeks. Thranduil instinctively unclasped his cloak and wrapped it around the woman's shoulders. "We will get her," he rephrased his son's statement, keeping his voice comforting yet strong enough to feed the lady's trust in them. He turned to face his troops. "You two accompany him." "No." Legolas shook his head. "I will get her out quicker on my own." "That's too dangerous," Thranduil growled. "The floor might give out." "It won't if only one goes up," Legolas said and ran off before his father could say another word. He heard Thranduil order him to come back but his sense of responsibility was to his people first. If he- no, when he managed to safe the baby, Thranduil would soon forget about his recklessness. After all, he knew the King would grieve the loss of another life. The heat hit him with incredible force. The flames felt like they were burning under his skin. The smoke was thick and inhibited him from breathing properly. He sincerely hoped it would not damage his lungs. With effort, he was able to navigate through the furniture and dizzily hurried to the second floor. There were two doors, both closed. "Is anyone here?" Legolas called and curled around his middle, trying to control his coughing. Then, he heard it- a soft cry. It was a sound so weak only an elf could have heard it. It came behind the door right in front of him. Legolas knew from his training that turning the handle was not an option unless he wanted to burn off his skin. Instead, he pushed the door open by using his body weight and stumbled into the nursery. He found the baby girl in her crib. He tried to make soothing shushing voices to calm down both himself and the child. With haste yet tenderly, he wrapped the child into blanket and started to make his way to the staircase but the fire had crept up the walls. The ashen wood was not able to hold its own and with a loud crush, the stairs crumpled, leaving the two elves standing on the landing. Legolas gulped and shifted the baby girl in his arms. The child whimpered softly but did not erupt into full-blown crying. He walked to the window and looked out. Their army was still trying to smother the flames but was coming to the realization that their efforts were in vain. The building was going down and there was no stopping it. "Legolas!" His captain yelled and ran with a couple of other elves underneath the window. Legolas looked at the baby again and pressed his lips to the child's hot brow. May the grace of Valar protect you. "Catch!" He shouted after ensuring the blanket was tightly wrapped. With swiftness and care, he dropped the baby to the waiting arms of his captain who caught the bundle with ease. His heart lighter, Legolas set his foot on the window frame and set his hands on both sides of the wall. Yet, the weakened wood on the floor could no longer bear the weight of the elf. Thranduil recoiled drastically as Legolas disappeared from view. He barely heard the scream that was soon drowned out by the raging fire. "Legolas!" Thranduil screamed. He was about to run to the burning building when Galion caught his arm. "You can't go in there!" "Legolas needs my help!" the King fought against the hold. "You are our King and we need your leadership." "He is going to die in there!" "So send someone else to help him. You are the commander." Thranduil fought his fatherly instincts to knock the man out. Yet, in his heart he knew Galion had a point. He was needed to keep the situation in order. He could not afford emotions to rule over sense. "You!" He turned to a pair of soldiers who snapped to attention. "Go help the Prince!" The pair of warriors disappeared to the burning building. The King tried to keep his breathing in order. He needed to stay strong and calm. He needed to pray for his son. After a few minutes, which felt like hours, the warriors returned. The other put out a flame in his hair. "He is trapped under a beam," he coughed. "We can't lift it. But if we amputate his ankle he will die of blood loss." The King hesitated no more: he was a commander of the army but above all, he was a father and his child was dying. If he lost Legolas, he would lose his reason to live. If it was to end in fire, he would willingly burn with his son. Without heeding Galion's calling or the shocked shouts of his troop, he ran and with his arms over his face, jumped through the flames. The heat brought back memories and the wounds on his face stung. Thranduil still remembered the stink of burning flesh and the agonizing pain that made him scream. But he could not afford to fall back into his trauma. He had to find Legolas. It was difficult to breathe. Thick smoke blocked his airways and his eyes watered. There was not enough air to keep his mind functioning. He tested the bond he had with his son and tried to locate him in the inferno. He could not scream Legolas' name, it would cost him too much air. He was already coughing every few seconds. His eyes widened as he noticed an unmoving figure lying directly in the spot under the upstairs window. A heavy beam kept his foot trapped; his ankle bones were visible and dried blood stained the wooden floor. "Legolas." Thranduil knelt beside the figure and placed his hands on either side of his son's face. The boy's eyes were closed, his mouth partially open. None too gently, he slapped his cheek, calling for him once more. Did he only imagine or could he see eyelids flutter? He would never know where he got the strength to push the tough piece of wood away. It was heavy, far too heavy for one elf of even his strength to move. No one would ever believe him as he told this story later but it felt like Gods were lending him their strength. Maybe they realized that letting two elves live was better than having them both suffocate in the smoke. Of one thing Thranduil was sure; if he had not been able to free Legolas, he would have stayed with him nevertheless. He would have continued to struggle until his body had no strength left. But, miraculously, he managed to push the beam away from the boy's ankle. He looked at his son's face, hoping for some reaction but Legolas had not even flinched at the pain. With fear in his heart, Thranduil knelt and lifted the boy into a sitting position. He prayed aloud; he urged Legolas to hold on and stay with him as he hoisted the unmoving body over his shoulder. Eventually he made it outside and with Galion's help set Legolas on the ground. As some fellow warriors started to work on the broken ankle, Thranduil knelt on all fours and nearly coughed his lungs out. He tasted ash and fought against the urge to gag. Once he got his breath back, he lifted his gaze to see Galion staring at him gravely, with pity in his eyes. "The Prince is dead, my Lord." Thranduil's eyes widened as he took in the information. No, Legolas could not be dead. He had got him out; he had to be alive! He pushed his butler away from the scene and with frantic worry placed his ear by his son's mouth and nose, trying to detect any little wave of air. He waited and prayed but he felt nothing on his skin, no momentary warmth. Thranduil's breathing quickened: his fingers shook as he probed the neck, leaving ash marks on the milky white skin. There he felt life spark within the unmoving body. The trace was faint but even and he would not let it be lost. Thranduil was no healer; he was a warrior and therefore healing had never been his specialty. Yet, many years in the field had taught him a thing or two. He went through a list in his head of what he was supposed to do.