A.N. Hello readers, If you have not read my story Claimed by the Love of Darkness this is just a newer version a little different then the other one. I am sorry and I will be doing my best to update some of my other stories as well. (Crystal's POV) Dear Diary, I just moved to Forks to live with my dad and sister Bella. My mom gave me this diary so I could write down my thoughts in it so I don't have to go to a Therapist there. I was adopted by the Swan's when I was eight years old and Bella was nine. I was a very difficult person to keep around. I always ran away from Foster Homes and some Orphanages. I have always wanted to find my birth mother. The Swans came in with their daughter Bella. I was by myself and they saw me. Immediately they wanted me. They said I was just meant to be their second daughter. Bella and I got along great. I never ran away again. I finally found my family. When I was eleven my parents got a divorce. Renee took both me and Bella away from dad. When I was fifteen I was a cheerleader. I was popular and had a lot of friends. After school ended some friends went to go camping for a few days. That first night I was having a bad feeling about that night. Bella didn't want to go, so it was me and three friends. I went to go charge my phone in the car and I heard a scream. I ran back there and saw my friend's dead with bite wounds on them and blood everywhere. I got on my knees and saw one of them barley alive. She said one word "Vampires!" he eyes widen and look behind me. I turn and scream. I then blackout. Once I wake up I see my boyfriend. He disappeared during spring break, and everybody assumed him to be dead. But he was somehow changed. His tan skin was super pale, and his green eyes are blood red. I back up and start to run but with supernatural speed he was in front of me. He said "Don't scream Crys. Please. Something happened to me over spring break and I was attacked and became a vampire. I joined these people who taught me the ropes and well we hunt together." I am about to scream and he puts his hand on my mouth and said "Okay listen right now they think I am killing you. I want you to be careful okay?" I nod and he told me all about vampires. And The Volturi. They are the scariest vamps in the world. And the most powerful. He gave me his number so I could talk to him in private. I walk back slowly to camp and see police and doctors there. They go up to me and ask if I was one of the people there. I said yes and told them my name. I said it was vampires. They all laughed at me and I kept insisting that it was. Even when they took me to the hospital. I overhead the doctors saying that I should be put in an Insane Asylum. But others were saying that it was the stress and the freaking out. After that I became Goth and kept talking to my boyfriend. But one night he texted me saying "The Volturi are killing us. I love you Rav." I never told anybody about vampires after that. Not even my sister. I began cutting myself, and they gave me pills and a therapist. I stopped taking my pills and begun lying to the therapist. Well that is all for now. Bye. Love, Crystal Scarlett Swan. I get up from my desk and look at myself in the mirror. I have pale skin, with long black hair and blue tips with bright emerald green eyes. I am wearing black skinny jeans with rips in them, and my Jack Skeleton t-shirt. I have my black leather bracelets on both my wrists covering my cuts and on my feet or black converse. I moved here to Forks, Washington to be with my sister and dad. I mean I love my mom and Phil is like a second dad, but I think he was getting annoyed by what has happened since the camping trip. And so I asked my mom for a change of scenery, so I moved to Forks. I go down stairs to see a girl talking to Bella on the couch. She almost looks like a pixie. She has short dark brown hair that is in spikes, she has pale skin and is wearing black pants with a white shirt and jacket and white scarf. Bella says "Oh Crys there you. This is Alice Cullen. Alice this is my sister Crystal." Alice turns around and my eyes widen "V-v-vampire!" Bella's and Alice's eyes widen and Bella asks "How do you know she is a vampire?" I take a deep breath and tell them how I know. Bella tells me that the Cullens aren't like the other vampires. They like humans and only drink animal blood. Then they explain powers and that Edward, Bella's boyfriend, went to Volterra to kill himself because he thought Bella is dead. And Bella and Alice are going there to stop him. I say "I am going to." After a ten minute argument I win and Bella and I pack and leave. Once we get to Volterra Bella tells me to stay in the car. I wait till Bella gets back and Alice looks off into the distance having another vision. She leaves and says "Stay in the car Crystal." I have a sense of déjà vu as we enter Volterra. But I ignore it. I stay for at least ten minutes and sigh and get out of the car. I walk through the crowd of people in red and walk over the clock tower. I open the door and stop when I realize that all vampire eyes, and Bella's, are on me. I smile and say "Hey bitches." Alice says "I thought I told you to stay in the car Crystal." I say "I know, but I got board." The three unknown vampires look at me like they've seen a ghost. I know I'm pale, but they should look at themselves in the mirror sometime. The tall guy one looks about 6'7, with dark brown hair and red eyes and pale skin. Then the shorter guy looks about 6'3, with light brown hair, red eyes and pale skin. The girl looks to be about 15 and is 5'4, an inch shorter than me, she has blond hair with is in a bun and red eyes with pale skin. She looks the most innocent of the three, but a gut feeling is that she is the most dangerous. The girl says "Crystal?" I look at her and say "Uh Yeah?" Edward looks like he understands, while everybody else looks confused. I say "Okay, obviously I have made things awkward, and I will take my sister and go enjoy the rest of this fucked up festival." I reach for my sister and Edward holds her tighter. I look at him and say "Listen Eddy that is my sister and sister always trumps girlfriend/boyfriend. So hand her over." I see the other three vampires look oddly at me and I say, "BTW who are you guys?" The girl says "I am Jane and this is Felix," She points to the tall guy "and Demetri." She points to the shorter guy. I nod my head and give them a smile. Jane starts to smile, but then frowns and says "Aro needs us, now." We all pile in an elevator and it is awkward as shit in there. I say "So where are you taking us?" Alice shakes her head in a silent 'no' but I still ask. Jane says "We are taking you to see out Master's." I ask "Master's? Are you guy's slaves or something?" I see Demetri smirk and all I can think about is that this seems so familiar. These people seem so familiar. Once we get out we walk down a hallway and we pass a secretary. Felix winks at her and she smiles and waves at him. I am guessing she is a mindless human who thinks she is going to get changed. Jane opens the big double doors and a boy says "Sister. They send you out for one and you bring back two… and a half..." I walk in and he says "Crystal?" I stare at his beautiful ruby colored eyes. Then the three on the thrones look at me in awe. Great now I am vampire entertainment. I then say "Okay people enough staring at me like I have three heads." The man sitting in the middle chair looks about mid, maybe late twenties with long black hair and milky red eyes. The man to the left of him looks about like he is in his twenties with blond short hair and milky red eyes. The man to the right of the man n the middle looks to be about thirty or forty with dark brown hair that goes a little above his shoulders and milky red eyes. I say "Who are you people?" The three men sit down but still stare at me like they have seen a ghost. The man in the middle says "I am Aro and this is Caius," He gestures to the blond "and Marcus." He gestures to the other one. He says "And who might you be my dear?" I say "My name is Crystal Scarlett Swan. I came here with my sister Bella." The boy earlier has dark brown hair that sweeps his forehead and goes to his ears. He is pale with red eyes and black slacks with a dark red shirt and a black jacket, black shoes and the same necklace I have seen everyone wear. He is still staring at me and I sigh is annoyance. Aro recomposes himself and says "Ah Bella is alive after all. Isn't that fantastic." He grabs a hold of Edwards's hand. Edward tells us "Aro can read any thought anybody has ever thought of with just one touch." Aro says "Interesting you cannot read a thought in young Bella's head and Crystal had a wall in her head that you couldn't access, interesting. And how you can stand to be around her… It makes me thirsty." He says as he eyes my sister. I swear he is a creepy old vampire. And I can't help but keep eyeing the handsome vampire. I feel like I have seen him before. My thoughts are interrupted by Aro saying "I wonder if she is immune to all our powers?" I look and see Jane smiling and say "This might hurt a little." She does something and Edward gets in front of Bella and screams on the floor. I think that Jane can inflict pain. Bella cries "No stop, please!" I roll my eyes and see Jane doing it to Bella and nothing happens. Jane's smile falls and Aro laughs and claps. He is sick and twisted. I glare at Jane and then a shadow comes up to her from behind and she is pushed. She looks back at it and everybody looks at it, then at me. Then the boy helps Jane up and gives me a look that says "Why did you hurt her?" I shrink back and Bella pulls me to her. Aro looks at Bella and says "What a waist." Marcus says "You already know what you are going to do Aro." He sighs and says "Felix." He gestures to the tall looking guy and he grabs Edward. The shorter guy grabs Alice to stop her, Jane grabs Bella and the cute guy grabs a hold