Author's Note: So, this is my new story. I've noticed how so many Jacob/OC stories are about how Bella's sister hates Bella. Instead, this is Bella's best friend who loves her. The whole Jacob/OC relationship will be kind of slow, and maybe eventually in New Moon they'll get together. Music is going to be a center theme, too. Oh, I don't know why people need to put this, but I don't own Twilight or any of its characters, just my OC. I have quite a lot of it written, but I'll keep reviewing it as I post it. Rates and reviews are always welcomed, even if it's constructive criticism. Enjoy. Chapter 1. Enter Ari "Hi," she said cheerfully. She had just gotten into the parking lot, and had walked over to the group of people that were closest to the school's entrance. She was wearing some jeans with some rips, boots, a ruffled white longish top and leather jacket. Her curly hair was a light brown color and reached her chest. She approached a big guy that had the built of a football player, and he was talking to a slightly smaller fellow with blond medium length hair. They didn't look very happy to see her. However, as soon as she had said the word, a petit shorthaired brunette popped out of nowhere to respond the greeting. "Hi!" she responded, grabbing the girls arm and dragging her a bit away from the others. "Hey, I love your dress," said the girl who had just gotten there. "Oh, thanks" the other girl replied with an almost exaggerated smile. "I'm looking for Bella Swan, do you know her?" "Yeah, I think she's about to get out of school." "Thanks," she smiled, and started to walk away but before she could, the brunette called to her, "I'm Alice, by the way, what's your name?" The other one backtracked the step she had just taken. "Ariadne, Ari for short," she said with a friendly smile, then she paused, "Alice? You're Edward's sister, right?" Alice nodded, "So you know Edward as well." "No," Ari answered, "I've just heard of him, from Bella, you know. But I hope to meet him, she really likes him." At that moment, Ari heard "Ari? Is that you?" It was Bella's voice. The joy in Ari's eyes twinkled when she turned around to see her best friend. "Bella! Oh my god! I've missed you so much!" She shouted excitedly, as they hugged each other. "What are you doing here? I thought you had classes until next week." "Oh, I did my tests early to come and surprise you, you know life in Arizona is painful without you." "What about your graduation?" "Eh… who cares about graduation, anyway? I'll just get the diploma in the mail, I don't really need the ceremony." Bella turned to the handsome guy standing next to her, "Edward, this is Ariadne, she's my best friend from back home." "Damn, Bella, you were not kidding about him being absolutely beautiful," Ari claimed looking straight at Bella. She turned quickly to Edward, "It's so nice to finally meet you, you have no idea how much Bella has told me about you." Edward bowed his head and smiled at the girl. "Oh, by the way, Edward," she drew closer to him, "break her heart and I'll break your legs," her eyes glaring as best she could. The response was a simple chuckle, actually, a chuckle all around: Edward chuckled, Bella chuckled, the two boys from earlier, and Alice too. "Hey, I'm super serious." "Stop it," scolded Bella still with half a chuckle and the remaining smile. Bella turned to Edward, "Ari just finished school, she's like stupid smart so she skipped a grade." "I see." He said while he flashed a smile. "So… What's going on? Are you going to take me out and tell me all about your great adventures in the mighty Forks? How many forks have you actually seen here, enough to be worthy of the name?" Ari teased. She had rolled her eyes a little over the silly joke, but it did amuse her. "Uhm…" Bella hesitated, looking over at Edward, "Sure, you hungry?" "I´m starving, are you coming, Edward?" Edward rejected the invitation, he noticed that they needed to catch up. So Bella and Ari went to a restaurant near the school. "So…" Ari started, "you guys look adorable together! Are you happy?" "Yeah… definitely." Bella didn't sound excited but she did look content, "I mean, Edward's great." "That's wonderful, Bella, I'm super happy for you," exclaimed Ari. "Yeah, what about you?" "Well… You know how I broke up with Daniel a few months back? "Bella nodded. They had spoken over the phone a few times, but it wasn't frequent. They had known each other since 2nd grade, when Ari moved to Arizona, but she had moved away before middle school and returned for high school. During those first years they were best friends, and when Ari came back, they sort of picked up the friendship again. Strange because they were completely different. The friendship sort of stuck, Ari would do most of the talking but she would always take an interest in what Bella was up to, so it kind of worked. Since Bella moved to Forks, they spoke whenever something big happened, breakups, birthdays, or in times of extreme boredom. "I saw him, like three weeks ago, he was a total douche." Ari told Bella how she had seen her ex at a party and blabbered on for a while. "Anyway, so Bella, what else, was is this place really like? I can see that it's kinda gloomy, doesn't that bother you?" "You get used to it." "Really? Because I've been here only a few hours and already I feel depressed with these grey skies." "It's really not so bad." "Well, I guess you have a delicious boy at your side, even hell doesn't seem that bad, am I right?" Ari giggled. Bella smiled, "I guess it helps… a lot." "Ok, should I even ask? How serious is this, really? Have you guys… you know?" "A, come on… we've been together for like three months…" "Three months, you must have done something at least?" Bella shook her head and raised an eyebrow. "Have you… kissed?" she rolled her eyes as she asked hoping that they had at least kissed. "Yeah, that's pretty much it." Ari looked a little surprised but glad and proud, "Alright then." "It's just that… well, you know, I'm not like that and Edward… he's old fashion. We're just going slow." "That's good, Bella," she sounded stern, "Don't let that boy near your chastity belt." Bella laughed out loud, "Hey!" Ari laughed too and said, "I'm just teasing, I think it's very romantic." "Anyway…" Bella started, "How are the preparations for the concert?" Ari sang in Bubblegum, a pop-dance band that she had started a couple years back. That's the other reason she was in Forks. She wanted to visit Bella and started researching about clubs where they could play. She had a concert deal with one of the dance clubs in Port Angeles, if it went well they could play a few more shows during the summer. This was in three weeks. "Everything seems going smoothly, the band is coming down a few days before the show. I should go check the place out before that, though. See if everything is in order." She seemed excited about it. "I hope you've been telling all your friends about it!" Ari continued, "The band is going to kill me if we play at a totally empty venue." Ari scowled at Bella. "Eh… Yeah, I've… mentioned it." Ari frowned and rolled her eyes. "I can't believe you! You've not said a peep, have you?" "I'm sorry, I just…" "It's fine, but you better help me put some posters up. But you are definitely coming, right? You and Edward have to come. Ooh, and Alice, I loved her." Bella had seen the band before and it wasn't her sort of music, but she did want to support her friend. "Yeah, of course," she didn't seem excited about it but smiled halfheartly anyway. "It's going to be awe-some," Ari said in a sing-song way this last word. They talked until late. Ari talked about her collage applications and updated her friend in all the new gossip from her old school. Bella told her about classes, the friends that she had made in school, even about Edward's family. Ari was going to stay with Bella for the first week after her arrival, before she rented a place in town. She was staying the whole summer, and she couldn't impose herself on Bella's father like that. She had gotten a long with her mother, but she had never met her dad. She did spoke to him a few days before telling him that she was getting there a few days early, to surprise Bella on her last day of school. So she was able to leave her stuff at their place before heading to Bella's school. During that first week, Ari was going to stay in Bella's room with her. "So, Bella! Where are you going to take me? What's cool around here?" "Uhm… I guess there's the actual town… Port Angels… The Reservation." "Cool, let's go one by one. Tomorrow you could show me around the town, maybe I can meet your friends?" Bella let out a groan, "Ok, I promise to take you on Tuesday, tomorrow I was going to see Edward." "I'd like to hang out with you and him one of these days, but I can take care of myself tomorrow, so don't you worry," Ari looked up at Bella reassuringly, "Sound great." Bella was relieved, she was happy that her friend had come down, but she missed Edward and really wanted to see him. Luckily, Ari understood completely, she was very independent. Even though she came to see Bella, she didn't need her by her side all day, every day. In fact… that would be awful, they'd probably get sick of each other and get in a huge fight. In any case, she liked walking around listening to music, taking pictures, and getting the general feel for the place. This is the sort of town , she thought, you'd never come visit unless you knew someone that was already here . The next morning they both slept late. Eventually, Bella got up and got ready to go see Edward. He was picking her up. When she got out of the shower, Ari was waking up, stretching and yawning she bid her friend good morning. She jumped in the shower after she was a little more awake, and Bella had said good bye. She had the whole house for herself. When she went downstairs, she found coffee made and a note next to the toaster that read, "Help yourself to some toast," written in what looked like Charlie's handwriting. Ari had met Charlie a few days back, he seemed slightly uncomfortable with having another teenage girl under his roof, but totally nice and cool about it. They hadn't really interacted much, which was good, since it would probably be awkward. Those sort of situations are always at least a little awkward, no matter what. She decided to stay in that day, she liked having the house to herself. She smoked a cigarette with her coffee in the backyard. When she finished, she put some toast, pour herself another cup of coffee and sat down in the couch with her laptop. She decided that if this was the way the summer was going to go, she had to make some plans. So, she put some music and looked for the map of the town, and checked the distances between the house and the town, Port Angels and La Push, the three places Bella had mentioned. She found tons of stuff, the National