Chapter One: Our Temple, Your Tomb " We took you right from Your mother's womb Our temple Your tomb." - The Wolf, Fever Ray Elethea's POV It had grown on me like a weed, this obsession to prove myself. I know what the other would-be tributes see when they look at me, the potential volunteers from District 4. They see a fourteen-year-old girl, a child. Some of them call me 'squirt', probably because I'm barely over five feet tall. Other don't call me anything at all, because apparently I'm not worth talking to. But this year, I'm going to prove them all wrong. "Welcome, ladies and gentlemen!" Jehovah, the District 4 escort, is as upbeat as ever as he beams out over the sea of young faces he was confronted with – including me. But I know that this year was different. This year, I will prove something that few Careers ever can. Brute force isn't the only thing that can win the Games. "Now, we all know why we're here. We all know about the Dark Days, and how the districts rose up against the Capitol…" I stand patiently in my section with the rest of the fourteen-year-olds. Another two weeks ago I would have been back with the thirteen-year-olds – not that anyone could really tell. I like to think I could pass for fifteen, maybe even sixteen – although definitely not something that's due to my height. I'm practically a midget. I fiddle boredly as Jehovah keeps rambling on about the Capitol and the failed uprising, before I focus my attention on Finnick Odair, the most recent Victor from District 4. He's gorgeous, let's just put it that way. No sane girl in Panem could ever deny it. He won the 65th Hunger Games a few years back, and was only something like eighteen years old currently. He'd been only fourteen when he'd won – the same age that I am now. I've been training since I was ten, like most kids from my district. Most volunteered when they were older, stronger…bigger. I thought it would be cool to show Panem that Victors could be young, that not all Career Victors were six-foot boys who would weigh in at over a hundred kilos. "So without further ado, I would like to call upon this year's girl tribute from District 4." My head snaps up at Jehovah's words. This is my chance, and I have to take it quickly. There is no time to think or deliberate. I just step out and toss back my black hair. "I volunteer." Finnick watches me make my way up to the stage, but not an interested way. I can tell by the look in his sea-green eyes that he thinks I'm going to die, and that just makes me even more determined. People judge me based on my age and size before they've even seen me throw a knife. I bet he thinks I won't survive the bloodbath. "Name and age, young lady?" Jehovah inquires. "Elethea Ambrose." When I speak, my tone is completely clear and confident. I can betray no hint of doubt. "Fourteen." "Elethea, if you would go and stand over there, please." Jehovah gestures to the side and I obediently go to stand in my designated spot. "The boy tribute is…Dominic Deran!" Dominic walks up and I recognise him vaguely. He is a sixteen-year-old boy with sandy hair and blue eyes. Finnick watches us both intently, evaluating us. It's unusual for someone to be reaped without anyone else volunteering in their place, but no doubt Dom was the sort of guy people knew would make it. He's almost a foot taller than me and I know I'd nearly have to crane my neck to look up at him. "Tributes, shake hands," Jehovah orders. I turn to Dom and shake his hand with a firm grip. He watches me warily. I might only be fourteen but no doubt there is a fire in my green eyes, at least I hope there is. I am so determined, probably a little over-confident as well. "Really think you got what it takes, Deran?" I ask quietly when I release his hand. "Yep." The confidence that I feel is mirrored in Dom's eyes. "You?" "That's why I volunteered." I give Finnick the approving once over. He is definitely as attractive as I remember. He was around six foot two, with bronze skin and sea-green eyes. I'm fair with freckles across my nose. God, I hate my freckles. "Besides, you're only like…two years older than me." "So?" Dom raises his eyebrows. "Age doesn't always matter, Ambrose." "Yeah, true," I drawl as the rest of the district watches us being escorted into the Justice Building. I have to be a little nervous about what my mother and my eleven-year-old brother, Medalleon, will think of me volunteering. Will they judge me, condemn me for my choice to leave them behind? "I'll still flatten you in training." Dom just chuckles. "We'll see." I mill around inside the Justice Building, looking up when the door is wrenched open and my little brother runs over to me. Joy suffuses me and I pick him up and hug him, well aware that it might be the last time I see him. Volunteering had seemed brave at the time, but now I only feel stupid, like someone trying to prove something they can't. Can I really survive the Hunger Games with an opponent like Dom? "Leon!" He clutches onto me tightly, and I notice Mum follow him over. She's a serene woman who has hardly ever smiled since the death of Dad ten years ago, caught in a net like the fish he tried to catch, but right now she looks grimmer than ever. I wish that my choice hadn't brought my family such sadness and pain, and right now I regret it more than ever. I wouldn't have been chosen, I'm almost certain of it. I had chosen the Games, instead of the other way around. "Hey, it's gonna be okay," I assure Leon. I understand that he doesn't want to lose me. He had only been a baby when our father had drowned. Although he couldn't mourn a man he'd never known, there was a sort of emptiness there, like a hole in Leon that couldn't be filled. "I'm going to win." "You better win," Leon says fiercely, and I can't help but swell with pride. My brother is strong already and he is only eleven years old. I would never want him in the Hunger Games, but if he did participate, I'm almost certain that he'd win. He has the same sort of fierce determination that has seen people like Finnick Odair through to the end. Mum watches the two of us with a sad smile, her eyes solemn although her lips twist upwards into the mockery of a smile. She has seen many of the Games – and knows how horrific they are, how full of violence and death. It must hurt her to know that I'd willingly condemned myself to this, but I want to prove a point…yet now it seems stupid, arrogant. "You know me. You know I've trained for this." It's true. I might be small, but I have learned to use the lighter weapons to my advantage. I am fast. Speed is my weapon. I can move faster than most of the bulkier tributes. "How's your training?" Being eleven, Leon has only just started his training. He makes a face at the mention of it, though. He's one of those impatient kids who can never sit still, but being told what to do when isn't his idea of fun. "Boring." I grin and ruffle his hair, before turning to my mother, smile fading a little. "Mum." Mum can't restrain herself from hugging me tightly. She buries her face in my dark hair. I pat her back, slightly embarrassed. I think she realises, as I am just beginning to now that it is too late, that even if I do make it home, I will never be the same. Mum had seen the Victors, seen how hollow they were. I'd seen them too, yet I'd stupidly believed I could overcome any obstacle, as though I am somehow stronger. "I'll be fine," I insist, more to placate Mum than because I believe it to be true. "Promise me you'll come home," Mum begs desperately. I bit down on my lip, tasting blood. "You know I can't do that." "Please." Mum tightens her grip on me, unwilling to let me go although she knows she will have to. "Just promise me that." "Either Dom or I will come home." I relent, unable to cause my mother pain even if it means I have to lie. We're Careers, so there's the high possibility that Dom, at least, will return to District 4. "I promise that much." Mum smiles sadly and kisses my cheek, before Leon hugs me fiercely again. I observe my little brother, ruminating on how much I am going to miss him when I went to the Capitol…Mum, too. My heart aches and I want to say, let Mum hold me in her arms forever, but I have to go. "Be good for Mum, Leon," I tell him firmly, falling into typical big sister mode. "I always am," Leon reminds me. "You better be." I try to sound mockingly threatening, but my voice is flat. "Don't forget to watch, okay?" Leon nods fervently. He has no choice but to watch. He will watch me die…unless I can prove myself strong enough to live. "I will. I always do." "You going to volunteer when you're older?" I ask. It's a common question around District 4. I think I already know the answer, although I wish I could somehow change it. Why had I made such a stupid choice? Had I really been so caught up in false thoughts of glory and honour and triumph? Leon nods again, so vigorously I'm half surprised his little head doesn't drop off. "And I'm going to win." I smile at his optimism. "Good boy." "I'm going to miss you." Leon kisses my cheek, his tender affection surprising me. Leon is at the age where hugging and kissing is seen as embarrassing, but I think even at his young age he realises I might not be coming home. "I'll miss you too," I admit, forcing away my feelings of loneliness. I hadn't even left yet and already I'm missing my family. "I'll bring you back some Capitol food if I can." Leon grins ecstatically. "That would be awesome!" "They look so weird," I remark, referring to the Capitolians. Leon and I had always giggled about them, how colourful and silly they were. We used to joke during the earlier Games, point out the stupid things so that we didn't have to get caught up on the death and violence. "You'll get to see them again." "I know. I can't wait." Leon sounds excited, because to him, the Games are still just something he watches on television. They aren't real, not yet. If I don't come home, he won't really understand that I'm gone. "You have to train hard, okay?" I persist. I am almost desperate now. I just want to keep talking to my family forever, so that I'll never have to leave them. I would talk about anything and everything, if only to be with them. "I will." Leon nods vehemently. "I promise." I gnaw at her lip as the Peacekeepers venture towards us, clearly intending to remove Mum and Leon. "I think I have to go and wait with the others now." Mum embraces me tightly, swallowing the hard lump in her throat. "Try to come home." "I will," I hope that she's right, that I won't let them down. "I promise, I'll do my best." Finnick's POV I spread myself across the lounge as the train rushes towards