Hello everyone, and thank you for taking the time to read this. It has been a while since i have written anything, as I have been struggling with my writing since laptop got stolen and my work disaparated. So this is my trying to write my story of by memory, and so of course it won't be the same :) But new adventures right? EDIT: I did a brush up on the research and discovered I got my dates wrong. Dumbledore defeated Grindelward in 1945 apparently, so I've rolled back the years this is set in to 1944. Because time is linear of course, and how can an event that hasn't happened yet have already happened? Chapter One: Ward of Hogwarts Raddy West sat tensely in an over-padded chair in the Headmaster's office at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, watching the Headmaster converse with a very young, auburn haired Albus Dumbledore. She clutched her hands together to keep them from shaking, and jammed them on her knees to prevent them from jiggling. She couldn't give away how rattled she truly was. She fingered the hem of what was left of her pale yellow dress, absently noting that there was blood mixed in with the dirt and dust embedded in the material. Her curly hair hung limply atop her shoulders, streaked with ash, grime and muck. Her face and exposed skin didn't fare any better, and she was rather conscious of the fact that she wasn't wearing any shoes, and her feet were covered in sores and blisters to the point they were rubbed raw and bleeding a little onto the rug. It didn't help that sitting in an identical chair next to her was the most impeccably presented young man she had ever met. He was tall and wiry, which told her he was athletic to some degree. His skin was without flaws and rather pale, telling her that he was mostly an indoor inhabitant. His face was angular and his cheeks slightly sunken, telling her he regularly skipped meals, whether by purpose or accident. His neatly folded hands atop his lap told her of his composure; the fact that he had found her in her current state, racing across the grounds towards the castle in the late evening, looking like a victim from a warzone (which technically, she was, just not in this time) and near to breaking down hadn't appeared to have bothered him in the slightest. His steel grey eyes hard and calculating told her that he was detached. His wavy hair slicked back told her he was exacting, calculated, and logical. No hair out of place. No plan without thoughtful execution. Giving him a sideways glance, she watched him briefly as he watched the conversation play out. He gave nothing away, except for a minute clench of his fists when he realized where the conversation was going. She looked back to Dumbledore and Dippet, and noted that both were smiling sympathetically at her. Dippet cleared his throat. "Thank you Tom, for rescuing this young lady." He turned to Raddy. "Now Miss…" It took her a moment to reply. "Pamela West, sir." She cringed at the use of her first name; she'd found it to be far too old fashioned for her tastes. Her mother had never explained why she had given her that name, except to say that one day she would find that it would suit her. She inwardly sighed at the irony of it. "Miss West, you have seen dire times recently, and are in a state of distress and have suffered immensely. Hogwarts will take you in as a refugee of this war, and you will become a ward of the school. Because you are not a student, you will stay in the Head Girl's quarters—she is absent due to a bereavement and we are not expecting her to be back at Hogwarts this year. You may attend classes—how old are you my dear?" "Eighteen sir." "You may attend classes if you would wish to. You are the right age to be a seventh year, so you are more than welcome to join in." "That would be a welcome way to pass my time sir." She inclined her head, fighting the adrenaline still coursing around her body. Because of her condition it tended to have a longer lasting effect. Dippet smiled widely, though she noticed that while Dumbledore was smiling as well, he had a suspicion in his eyes that she couldn't seem to fathom. In her own time, Dumbledore had never been suspicious of her. Despite her faults, he had only ever shown her kindness and welcome. But he had also pushed her to the limits of her abilities and sent her on a madman's endeavour in the past. "That's settled then. We can have a timetable made for you tomorrow. For now, Tom will take you to the Hospital Wing to Madame Claire to get you seen to." Both men bid her a good night, and she and Tom stood and left the Headmaster's office. It was unnerving walking next to him, being so close to the presence that would later devastate the Wizarding World two times over. He kept sending her what appeared to be sneaky side-glances at her, though it wasn't quite as subtle as he thought it was. The hairs on the back of her neck stood every time she felt his quick gaze, but she ignored it as best she could. Several silent minutes later they arrived at the Hospital Wing to find it empty. He stood waiting for the matron to come out and attend to them, and she shifted awkwardly next to him. The room was dimly lit by candles and eerily quiet. It cast their shadows long against the cool stone floor in warped patterns. A moment or two later the door to the office opened and the matron bustled out wearing her nightclothes. She had tied her work apron over top, but it was clear from her state of dress that she had been trying to get an early night. She was an older woman, blonde hair turning grey, haughtily tall, but with kind brown eyes. She glanced at Raddy, and then at the young man next to her. Then she did a quick sweep of the bedraggled girl in front of her, and her eyes widened. She wordlessly ushered Raddy to a bed part way down the Wing, and urged her onto the bed. Once she was lying down the matron turned to the Tom, who was still standing in the doorway. "What happened Mr. Riddle?" Her voice was soft, but had a strength lying underneath. "I found her outside the castle on the grounds like this ma'am. Dippet has already seen her, and she is to be a ward of Hogwarts." He was cool and collected, never once sparing her a glance as he spoke. She was glad for it; she didn't think she could handle another cold glare tonight. Not with the state she was in. The matron nodded. "Very well. You may go now Mr. Riddle." He nodded and wordlessly pivoted on his heel and made his exit. She turned to Raddy. "Now young lady, what is your name and what happened to you?" Raddy swallowed. She didn't think she was ready to talk about that. It was too soon, and too devastating. "My name is Pamela West ma'am. And… this happened in the war. There was an attack on my village, and I barely made it out alive. I tried to fight with my family, but they were all killed… so I ran to Hogwarts. My parents always told me that it was safe here." Hopefully the story her and the future Dumbledore concocted would be enough. Madame Claire nodded and ran several diagnostic spells over her, and tutted. "You are otherwise unscathed, aside from your feet and a few cracked ribs. In other words, you are quite lucky. How long have you been running my dear?" Raddy thought on this a while. This was a result of many weeks running and a grueling final battle against the epitome of evil. "About three weeks I think. Time was hard to keep a track of." While she spoke, Madam Claire had healed her feet, and now there was just a dull ache where the spell had healed her. "You can clean yourself in the bathroom while I find you something to wear, and a potion to help your ribs." Raddy smiled her thanks, and she motioned for her to get up. She followed the matron to a door at the back of the Wing, and opened it. There were candles lit everywhere around the small but adequate bathroom. She nodded to the matron, who shut the door behind Raddy. The girl let go of what little composure she had and sank to the floor. She placed a hand to her chest, where the small sphere of the Time Turner she had been given by the future Dumbledore sat. It was how she had gotten here. It was how she was getting home once she had completed her mission. But it was tempting to just abandon it all and twist the dial and return home. She choked on a sob and hugged her torso. What home? There was no home to go back to. That was why she was here . Dumbledore wouldn't have sent her unless there was no other way. The entirety of the future rested on her shoulders alone, and she could tell no one except for Dumbledore. She reached down to her skirt of her dress into a pocket and pulled out a crumpled, dirty letter. The dress wasn't hers. It was stolen from someone's washing line the moment she had landed in the past. She had shucked her dirty jeans and jacket for the yellow dress, transfigured a pocket in the skirt of the dress and put her letter in it. She had tucked the Time Turner underneath the dress, and started walking, to find out how far she had come back, and how far she was away from Hogwarts. As it had turned out, she was in Scotland somewhere, not far from Hogwarts. A week's walk, to be exact. But in the little town she had passed through she had found a newspaper with the date on it. September 2nd 1944, Tom Riddle's seventh and final year at Hogwarts before he left and there was no turning back from the monster he would become. That had been approximately a week ago now. She had accumulate grime and dirt from having to sleep on the hard ground, and the dress hadn't fared very well from the rough treatment. She hadn't bathed in goodness knows how long, and her bones were aching for the warmth of the water. She took a breath, steeled her mind, and began the process of running herself a bath. Raddy sighed as she tugged at the hem of the light brown dress that Madame Claire had given her, transfigured from her own wardrobe. It was incredibly comfortable, and had pockets in the front. The top half of the dress was button down, and stopped at the waist where a bow was tied around at the back through belt loops. The skirt flowed nicely and the material felt like cotton. She had been given the all clear to leave the hospital wing after she had passed a physical exam, and Dumbledore had come to fetch her. She was now seated in his office, feeling alien as he peered at her suspiciously over his half-moon glasses. "Miss West." His tone was enquiring, and she glanced up at him, her brown curls bouncing around her shoulders. "Why are you really here Miss West?" "I don't follow sir." She replied softly. He sighed, and at that moment she could see the age behind the eyes. It seemed as if he was an older mind