SAVIOUR OF MAGIC AN: Thank you all for the amazing reviews you have given me for my stories; they truly encourage me to write more and grow as a writer. That being said, this story is what I had actually wanted Lightning Lord to look like. Harry was way too powerful for me to work with in my previous story, which was why I couldn't continue with Part 2. This is a whole new story, but with themes of Lightning Lord thrown in here and there and once the Voldemort problem is solved, I'll be going further, introducing what I had planned for Lightning Lord – Part 2. I've done my best to avoid character bashing of any kind, but that does not mean I will show everyone in a positive light. Harry himself is darker in this story or at least dark-grey. Thank you for all your support and please enjoy my latest story – Saviour of Magic! Description: An intelligent, well-trained Boy Who Lived comes to Hogwarts, startling everyone in Magical Britain. Harry Potter, the boy hero does not seem to behave in the way anyone expected and Albus Dumbledore is thrown for a loop. Watch as Harry figures out his destiny as a large threat looms over the horizon, unknown to the unsuspecting magical population. Would Harry Potter be willing to take on his role as the Saviour of Magic or would the world burn in his absence? Ravenclaw, darkish-grey Harry! Harry/Daphne DISCLAIMER: I do not own Harry Potter. It belongs to JK Rowling. HP*SAVIOUR OF MAGIC*HP Chapter 1 – Welcome home, Harry After he left, Ollivander smiled, his silvery eyes looming over the thirteen-year-old boy outside. "The Saviour of Magic . . ." he whispered. "Yes, as I said, we can expect great things from you, Harry Potter. Some might view it as terrible, but it is necessary. I just hope you don't crumble before you fulfil your destiny." Harry Potter was a weird child. That was the consensus among everyone in Privet Drive, Surrey. The boy was said to have been orphaned because of a car crash that killed his parents when he was just a year old. No one knew much about his parents, but Petunia Dursley, the boy's aunt, had told everyone that the boy's father was a good for nothing drunk and that his mother was a whore. She had also warned everyone that the boy was a delinquent. Seeing him in large clothes and looking scruffy all the time just reinforced that image. However, Harry Potter was anything but such a child. He was unusually intelligent since young, but the Dursleys always did their best to discourage him. He also knew that he was different. For as long as he could remember, Harry was called a 'freak' by his relatives and they spoke about his 'unnaturalness'. This confused the young boy because he wondered what they were talking about. But he didn't dare ask what it meant because he knew that doing so would make his relatives angry. The last time he had asked about his parents, Uncle Vernon had beaten him badly and not given him any food for three days. Harry didn't really care for a repeat performance. Things slowly started to change as Harry grew up. Strange things started to happen as he began school. For one thing, he could instantly grasp everything being taught by the teachers and he could remember what he had studied or learned with excellent clarity. This, of course, led to more problems with his relatives. His cousin Dudley, the fat waste of space couldn't even pronounce anything other than his own name. This led to more punishments as the Dursleys claimed that he had cheated on his tests. As he grew up, things only got worse. Harry was given an unending list of chores around the house. He had to cook, clean, weed the gardens, wash the dishes and was essentially a slave to his relatives. He was given very little food while his whale of a cousin could eat anything he wanted. His hand-me-down clothes were all too big for him and he was forced to sleep in a tiny cupboard under the stairs. He was not allowed, because it made the Dursleys angry, to be happy or sad. He didn't really have anything to be happy about, really. And dare he ever shows that he was sad or angry, he knew that Uncle Vernon would beat the crap out of him; and he did not have a death wish. Harry hated his relatives. Even as a four-year-old child, he didn't like them. As time went on, he realised that strange things happened to him when he was angry or upset. That horrible teacher's hair had turned blue on the first day of school because he hadn't known his name; really, it wasn't his fault! How was he supposed to know his name if the Dursleys didn't tell him? Freak could hardly be his name, he knew that. That was another instance when he had been beaten by Uncle Vernon. However, the strange occurrences never stopped. When Aunt Petunia had shaved him nearly bald one day, his hair had surprisingly grown back the very next morning! Of course, Aunt Petunia had shrieked and shrieked for an hour and he was punished for it, but it made him very curious as there were several other similar instances over the years. Then, today, in one of Dudley's routine Harry Hunting games, he had wished himself to disappear from there and the next thing he knew, he had appeared on the roof of the school! That had blown things way out of proportion. Harry was seven years old now. He dreaded to go back home. He knew what was going to happen. He didn't know how he had appeared on the school roof, but it had been enough to cause a major scene; enough for the Principal to get involved. There were no stairs to the roof, so the fire department had to be called to rescue him. Harry knew that he was in major trouble. His heart thumped in his chest as he pondered the question. Did he have some strange power like the superheroes on the telly? Is that how he could do such things? His bones had always healed themselves the next day after every beating. Normally, he should have been covered from head to toe in bandages for months, but even after sustaining several injuries and broken bones, he was still fine the next morning! Harry took a deep, shaky breath and at once he calmed down. He always had been able to control his feelings. There was a focus on which he could draw from which helped him to put on a blank face all the time. He didn't know what it was, but perhaps it was his mystery force that was helping him? He certainly wasn't going to complain. Maybe he should try to do something like levitating an object. That would prove his theory about some arcane power. If he survived tonight's beating, that is. He knew there was no escaping this. Aunt Petunia had been called to the school because of the incident. As soon as he entered, he finished his chores quietly to get back to his cupboard as quickly as possible. He could see Aunt Petunia seething in the background. He wanted to get back to the cupboard before his uncle could come home. Maybe then, he could avoid the beating that would follow, but he wasn't stupid enough to expect it. Once he finished cooking dinner, he closed the door of his cupboard, just as Uncle Vernon entered the house in a towering rage. Harry's hands trembled as he heard Aunt Petunia screech loudly, telling Vernon about the incident at school. "BOY!" Harry cringed as he slowly opened the door of the cupboard. He calmly stepped outside and entered the kitchen. "Yes, Uncle Vernon?" he asked without any emotion in his voice. But that was the last thing he said before the obese man grabbed him by the throat. "What did we discuss about using your freakishness, boy?" he bellowed. "I won't have your craziness in my house, do you hear me? None of it ! How did you end up on the roof?" Harry tried to get away, but the grip was too tight. Just as he was about to pass out because of lack of air, Vernon threw him on the other side of the room. Gasping and coughing, he wheezed out, "I swear, I don't know. One minute I was running and the next second I was on top of the roof. It was like magic!" That was the word. Petunia gasped and Vernon gave an almighty roar of rage. Uncle Vernon came forward and started kicking every part of Harry's little body he could reach. Harry whimpered as the man's belt impacted his back. Why couldn't they just leave him alone? "THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS MAGIC!" screamed Uncle Vernon, his face red with rage. He had promised himself that he would beat the freakishness out of the boy when they took him in and that was what he was going to do! He wouldn't have such freaks living in his house. If he couldn't get rid of the boy, then he would get rid of the nonsense that was in the boy itself! After this punishment, maybe the freak would think twice before using his unnatural powers on good, hard working people such as themselves. Vernon grabbed the iron rod which was next to the fireplace. Harry's eyes went wide, but the next thing he knew, he screamed in pain with tears rolling down his cheeks as the rod impacted his legs, breaking them. Petunia gasped, but Vernon didn't stop. Harry was crying and screaming, begging his uncle to stop when the rod hit him again and again. Just as Harry saw the rod come for his head, he called upon his powers and wished he could be somewhere safe; somewhere where he would be far away from the Dursleys so that they couldn't hurt him. Just as the rod descended, Harry disappeared from the kitchen of the Dursley residence with a crack. Harry felt as though he was being squeezed through a tube. The last thing he saw was that he was in the large room. The pain he was feeling was unbearable as he fell unconscious. HP*SAVIOUR OF MAGIC*HP Just as Harry appeared in the room, a house-elf appeared in the entrance hall of Potter Castle. It frowned when it saw the human child. It was not possible for anyone to Apparate inside the castle, so how did the child get in? The elf's eyes widened when the familiar bond of a house-elf and its master because familiar. "Master Harry!" the elf gasped. The elf called for its companions. Two other elves popped next to her as they transported Harry to the medical wing of the castle. While elves were not healers, they could use their brand of magic to do some healing while they used potions prepared by wizards. Few of the elves used their magic to fix the broken bones while another poured medical potions down Harry's throat. However, there was something else which the elves recognised. Because of the bond they shared with Harry, they could tell that he was playing host to a possession which resided in his scar. Knowing that such a thing had to be destroyed before it fully controlled their master, the two dozen elves surrounded the bed where Harry was sleeping as they chanted in their native tongue. Magic was simple, yet complex. It was infinite yet harmonious. The magic of different species was different and this was the advantage here. While it was impossible for wizards to destroy a soul piece without destroying the vessel, Elf magic could do so. Harry started shaking and sweating as