THE AFTERMATH Description: What if Hermione had accidently Disapparated along with Ron during the hunt? How would Harry have managed to defeat Voldemort alone? Does he still have the power to take on the most powerful Dark Lord in recent history or will he crumble from within? Watch as Harry takes a bold step forward with determination and new allies. This is canon compliant until the scene where Harry and Ron fight in Book 7. Two shot – COMPLETE DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN HARRY POTTER. IT BELONGS TO JK ROWLING. HP*THE AFTERMATH*HP Chapter 1 Harry and Ron glared from either side of the transparent barrier as though they were seeing each other clearly for the first time. Harry felt a corrosive hatred toward Ron: something had broken between them; permanently. "Leave the Horcrux," Harry said calmly. He should have known this would happen. This was the reason he had wanted to do this alone, but they didn't listen, did they? Ron wrenched the chain from over his head and cast the locket into a nearby chair. He turned to Hermione. "What are you doing?" "What do you mean?" asked Hermione shakily. "Are you staying, or what?" Hermione gaped like a fish out of water. "R-Ron we promised to s-stay, remember? We -" "I get it," said Ron roughly. "You choose him." "No!" said Hermione panicking. "No – please listen – Ron, come back!" Harry stood quite still and silent as he listened to Hermione begging Ron not to leave. He waited for a minute when he heard a crack and Hermione's voice was suddenly gone too. He closed his eyes as a lone tear slipped down his cheek. He slowly went towards the edge of the tent and saw that there was no one outside. " Homenum Revelio, " he whispered softly. Nothing; both Ron and Hermione had left him. He was alone; just as he had always been his entire life. HP*THE AFTERMATH*HP Unfortunately for Ron and Hermione, they had Apparated right into a group of snatchers. The group was quite stupid, so they didn't recognise them, but the couple were still questioned until finally Hermione managed to get the upper hand, took back her wand while Ron knocked out the snatcher near him and Disapparated. "Hermione, I – I," said Ron, looking pale. Only now did he realise the magnitude of what he had done. "I don't need to hear this right now," said Hermione shakily. "We left Harry all alone knowing the burden he bears on his shoulders. If we don't get back to him, I don't even want to think about what could happen. Professor Dumbledore gave us a job to always be there for him, Ron! And what did we do? We abandoned him!" Ron swallowed as he remembered the meeting he and Hermione had with Professor Dumbledore in the summer before the sixth year. He had told them about the prophecy and the burden which Harry carried. He also told them that they should stand by Harry's side so that he can fulfil his destiny when the time arrived. But now, they had left Harry all alone . . . his stomach churned as he realised with a start that without him there, there was no one to give Harry the potion. Oh damn, his mother was going to be pissed when she found out. "We have to get back there immediately," whispered Ron frantically. Taking each other's hand, they Disapparated, only to find nothing at the place where they had set up their camp. "Where is he?" asked Hermione as she scanned the place with her wand. Her hands shook in fright. Had Harry left already or were the wards really that good? She didn't know, but now she was cursing herself for not learning how to detect the wards she had put up. She had only learnt the protective charms, not how to counter them. "We'll have to call out to him and maybe search the area," said Ron, hoping it was a good idea. "Maybe he will hear us." But it was futile; after two days, it was clear that Harry Potter had disappeared. HP*THE AFTERMATH*HP Harry walked around in a large circle as he muttered under his breath, putting up the standard wards around the tent, his Invisibility Cloak draped on his shoulder. He had left just a couple of hours after Ron and Hermione. He didn't want to be there as it caused him pain just to think about it. He left fist tightened as he remembered Ron's words just a few hours back – " We thought you knew what you were doing!" shouted Ron, standing up, and his words pierced Harry like scalding knives. "We thought Dumbledore had told you what to do, we thought you had a real plan!" Harry's eye twitched in anger. What did the ginger idiot know? Dumbledore had told him nothing on what to do. It was just like always; he would set up a test and see if Harry would sink or swim. His opinion of the late Headmaster had dwindled significantly over the past few months. Harry could understand now that he had been completely unprepared for this mission. Did Dumbledore tell him where he suspected the Horcruxes were? Did the old man tell him how to destroy the foul things? Did he even bother to train Harry on what to do? No; as usual, he fucked it up by showing useless memories throughout the year and Harry, being the idiot that he was, had thought the Headmaster was infallible and believed in him. Now thousands were dying or were already dead because Harry didn't know how to proceed. Harry didn't notice that the Horcrux around his neck had gone cold. What to do? He was alone now, without money or resources. His eyes hardened at that. He didn't even have money! Sure, Hermione had taken a little money before she left but how was he supposed to go to Gringotts when the Order kept making sure he was at the Dursleys like a good little boy? Harry closed his eyes and breathed deeply to reduce his anger. His scar began to prickle again. Well, Voldemort better not be having mood swings again because Harry was quite pissed and didn't really care about Voldemort at the moment. He needed allies, but who would be willing to help him? The entire wizarding population was terrified of even uttering a single word. Hundreds of families were ripped apart over the past year and a half. He had to do something, but what? Suddenly, he felt the Horcrux whisper things to him again. White hot anger erupted in his mind. He yanked the locket from neck and threw it to the other side of the tent. He was beyond angry. How dare that stupid locket remind him that he was alone as always? How dare the locket remind him of the blasted Dursleys again? Harry had never felt this angry in his life! He wanted to destroy the locket by any means necessary. He would make Voldemort pay. He didn't realise that his scar was hurting quite badly now. The Horcrux would be destroyed today! Harry approached the locket which was on the floor. His green eyes were glowing as he slowly approached it. The expression on his face showed cold fury. Ron and Hermione's betrayal was the last straw. He had finally snapped after too many people betraying him. He wasn't the golden boy anymore. He would make Voldemort and his Death Eaters pay! Harry glared at the locket as he gripped his wand tight in his hand. " Open ," he hissed in parseltongue. The golden doors of the locket swung wide with a little click. Behind both of the glass windows within blinked a living eye, dark and handsome as Tom Riddle's eyes had been before he turned them scarlet and slit-pupiled. Then a voice hissed from out of the Horcrux. " I have seen your heart, and it is mine ." "Really?" hissed Harry in dark amusement as he smirked at the locket. His green eyes were glowing and he looked slightly mad. The people of Magical Britain had finally pushed him too far. Ron Weasley had finally managed to break the innocent soul of Harry Potter. " I have seen your dreams, Harry Potter, and I have seen your fears. All you desire is possible, but all that you dread is also possible. . . ." Harry laughed a loud, maniacal laugh. How predictable of Voldemort. The man really needed more material if he was going to taunt people. He had said similar things in Harry's first, second, fourth and fifth years. "Oh, my poor naïve Tommy boy," said Harry as he chuckled. "Such a pitiful existence after your mummy didn't want to raise you. Daddy didn't want you because of what you were and that left you with issues. Tsk tsk; what a shame, Riddle. What happened to the noble line of Slytherin?" In response, Sirius Black, James Potter and Lily Potter emerged from the locket. " You're the reason I'm dead ," hissed Riddle-Sirius angrily. " If your stupid mind could have realised that it was a trap, I would still be alive ." " What about us ?" said Riddle-James snidely. " It is this little bastard's fault that we died so young. Why were you even born? I should have killed you the second we found out about the prophecy! " " You took my husband away from me," spat Riddle-Lily, her eyes red. " You took my life away from me! If you have any remorse for what you did to your parents, you would kill yourself! " Harry started at them with anger burning in his eyes. How dare he? He pointed his wand at the locket and let all the anger flow through him. His eyes were glowing bright emerald green as he snarled – " Avada Kedavra !" The jet of green light flew from the top of Harry's wand and hit the locket perfectly. There was a clang and long, drawn out scream. Harry stood there breathing hard as he collapsed on the ground. He summoned the locket from the other side and saw that the Horcrux was destroyed. "If I had known this would work, I would have done it sooner," whispered Harry as he fainted on the ground. HP*THE AFTERMATH*HP Several hours later, Harry woke up hearing the patter of raindrops on the roof of the tent. He groaned as he opened his eyes. He felt like he had run a marathon. He looked at the locket and gasped. It no longer had the oppressive bad aura around it. Memories of what happened came back to his mind and for the first time in a long time, Harry smiled. "One Horcrux down," he whispered to himself. Just then, his stomach grumbled. Knowing that he was hungry, Harry pondered on what to do. Was it safe? Could he risk it? But the little guy wasn't connected to Harry, so why should they monitor him? He felt like a fool for not doing it before. "Dobby?" said Harry hesitantly, holding his wand tight in case the elf was being tracked. Much to his relief, the elf popped in front of him and hugged him. "Harry Potter sir! You be safe! What can Dobby do for the great Harry Potter?" said Dobby excitedly. "Dobby, I need your help," said Harry quietly. "Will you stay with me?" Dobby bounced on his feet excitedly. "Dobby will always serve Master Harry Potter. Dobby be Master Harry's elf now!" "Wait, what?" asked Harry in shock. "You're now bonded to me? How? Why?" "Master said that he wanted Dobby and Dobby accepted!" said the elf excitedly. "Dobby has wanted to be Harry Potter's elf for a long time and he be finally accepting Dobby!" "Dobby, I thought you wanted to be free?" asked Harry