~ Inheritance ~ Summary: Salazar Slytherin bound Earth, Air, Fire and Water to himself and through him to his descendants. Now that Voldemort has been resurrected he shall assume his inheritance. But who are his elementals? Warning: Slash (male/male), Sex Scenes, Violence, Gore, Character Deaths, Manipulative Dumbledore… You've been warned. Pairing: Voldemort/Harry Potter Disclaimer: Do you see Severus Snape ALIVE at the end of Deathly Hallows? No? Then I do not own Harry Potter… Legend: " Parseltongue" Letters/newspaper articles "HOWLER" " Order " ~ Chapter One: Earth Awakens ~ Several things had changed at Privet Drive since the beginning of the summer holidays. The most noticeable being the return of a lithe fourteen year old teenager who wished to be anywhere but at home during his break. Harry Potter, who was currently completing his list of 'chores' for outside, was always on guard. Now that Voldemort had returned he wasn't sure whether he was safe at the Dursley's where he couldn't defend himself properly from anything. How was he supposed to defend himself against fully trained wizards when he couldn't use a wand? Were the blood wards supposed to mystically keep everything desiring him harm out? But then Voldemort had Harry's blood pumping through his veins so did that mean he could pass through the super wards whenever he desired? Honestly some people just didn't think about these situations long enough, Harry thought pulling out another non-existent weed. How did Dumbledore expect some muggles to protect him from the Dark Lord? Never mind that, there were things more important to him. He hadn't received any mail from his 'friends' all summer. Nothing. Sure he received The Daily Prophet but that was it. He was so bored that he had actually taken to reading the entire Prophet cover to cover not that there was anything interesting mentioned. Of course he was mentioned and slandered in every section, not that it truly bothered him. It was their problem that they couldn't conceive the possibility that Voldemort returned to human form. Why would he bother to lie about something that important? Naturally everybody believed that he was a raving lunatic who belonged in St. Mungo's alongside Dumbledore for this one 'lie' he kept speaking. He agreed that the headmaster definitely belonged in a psyche ward (honestly lemon drops, need he say more) but he was telling the truth. In the end he just decided to let everyone believe what they desired. He wasn't that influential as to change the minds of every person in wizarding Britain just by releasing a press conference. After all he was simply a child. The only opinions that mattered to him were those of his friends not that he was likely to receive that currently. Those were the least of his worries. Nightmares of the graveyard continued to plague his every thought. There was nothing he could do about that though short of going to see a psychiatrist and that definitely wasn't an option. How would he explain half of what he had been through to a muggle? Magic, wizards and dragons, oh my! Nope, that was definitely not an option. That night at the graveyard had been the worst day of his life and everyone believed it to be a lie. Eventually Harry had come to terms with the thought that people didn't believe he was innocent. Some people had the nerve to say that he had actually killed Cedric though there wasn't any proof to back up their claims. After all, the last spell on his wand was Expelliarmus and it had been confirmed that Cedric had died from the Killing Curse. How could he kill with a disarming spell anyway? Not that he was complaining, with that one spell he had saved his life. Luck had yet again been on his side. But these thoughts often led to only more nightmares. Harry shivered at the thought of his own nightmares even though the sun's searing heat was bearing unbearably upon him. They were terrible and then he would wake up to Vernon banging on the door in a drowsy state. He could still remember Vernon's words after one of his nightmares, "Figures the freak can't even have normal dreams." Over the past few weeks he had suffered from numerous nightmares, all repeating the same thing over and over again, Cedric's death and Voldemort's resurrection. After replaying the same scene night after night, Harry finally ceased blaming himself. He knew that nothing he could have done would have stopped Voldemort from issuing that particular order (not that he hadn't attempted to prevent it during his dream). After all Voldemort didn't care about anyone apart from himself and his goals. He wasn't going to concern himself with something that he couldn't change. At least that thought process had eased his nightmares slightly. No, what really worried Harry was what was currently occurring around him. He was changing and he wasn't sure whether it was excellent or terrible. Harry knew that his body had changed and with it his magic. The growth spurt had occurred over night or so it seemed. He was still small for his age but at least he was taller than Hermione now… though he would never reach Ron's height. His eyes were even more vibrant than before glittering like emeralds in the sun. He could even see everything perfectly without the use of his ugly glasses. His skin had become as pale as porcelain ruining the golden tan he had spent months to gain. However his raven hair had remained the rat's nest that it always was much to his ire. He didn't care for any of that though. Appearances meant very little to him. No what bothered him the most was what occurred when he stepped outside. Harry had always loved the outdoors. It was an escape from the Dursley's. The gardens somehow relaxed him and he revelled in that feeling. Not many things calmed him now but being outside was one of them. Now when he stepped outside weird occurrences had begun. Nature seemed to have a mind of its own. Everything grew correctly. No weeds grew at all. The garden was in fact perfect… for spring. Yet it wasn't spring at all it was summer and gardens weren't supposed to survive on very little water during humid months yet maintain this level of health. The lush green lawn was perfectly mown with hardly a blade out of place. The single tree in the backyard swayed in the humid breeze as if it were cool and refreshing, its leaves acting as if it were in a dance. Hedges were sharp and defined, marking the boundary around the yard from the neighbours. Seeds that he had planted only a day ago had already begun to sprout and reveal the numerous types of flowers that were there. Even in the heat they managed to stand straight and tall, no sign of the lack of feeding they were receiving. The garden was perfect in every way. He had seen the neighbour's gardens all looking half dead from the heat wave that was coursing through this summer but their garden was healthy and thriving regardless of how little water it had received. Harry couldn't do much with the restrictions on water so he used it where it was necessary. But regardless of how little water the garden received it continued to grow at an astounding rate. Surely Aunt Petunia would notice this? Nope she didn't even think about it as everyone complimented her on a gorgeous and thriving garden. They all desired to know how she maintained it but all she replied was, "It's a family secret." Of course it was a secret since not even she knew how Harry had kept her garden alive. Not that he could tell her if she asked anyway. But as the month wore on the gardens surrounding them began to have the same effect. Gardens thriving from what appeared to be the strange weather, he knew better. Nothing could grow in this heat without a little help… and since the gardens weren't getting water it could only have been one other thing. Like always it was something to do with him and his magic. By the end of the month the entire street was green and healthy even the park down the road was healthy and thriving. Thankfully the Dursley's weren't even suspicious about his behaviour when concerned with the garden. Nor were they likely to discover it any time soon. The Dursley's were keeping their distance this year but that was only because Mrs Weasley talked to them briefly at the train station. Actually it was more like she scolded them as if they were little children. That hadn't been pleasant at all though they did get the message. Harry didn't have as many chores now unlike past years. That was a blessing since most of the chores he now did were outdoors and cooking. Both were acceptable. He also got to eat at least three times a day as long as he prepared it for himself and didn't sit with them while they ate. That rule didn't bother him either in fact he preferred to cook his own meals (at least in their house he wasn't about to get poisoned) and liked to keep his family at a distance anyway. "Boy, we're having guests over, get into your room now!" The name calling however hadn't changed. He was still 'boy' almost like his relatives couldn't recall his name. Actually he would bet they didn't know his name at all and couldn't even begin to guess what it started with. Harry looked up into the face of Vernon. He refused to call them aunt and Uncle anymore since he didn't think of them as family not that they seemed to mind at all. They actually counted it as a blessing. "Yes sir." Harry stood and brushed the dirt from off his pants (he didn't want to clean the floor because he made it dirty) and left the garden he hadn't needed to touch before walking inside. Moving into the kitchen he grabbed a piece of fruit and quickly made himself a sandwich before heading upstairs. He remembered having a small bottle of water upstairs and some chocolate and other lollies from Hogsmeade trips he could also snack on so he wasn't worried. He made it to his room just as the doorbell rang and closed his doors as the front door opened. Deciding to have a shower in the morning he threw off his shirt and replaced it with another glancing at the marking on his left wrist. It was a black and green Celtic band which looked oddly like a tattoo apart from the fact it was constantly moving in a circle around his wrist. What it signified he had no idea but he was sure it had something to do with the strange occurrences around in the area. Petunia had spotted it a few days previously and thought that it was a way of rebelling against the wizarding world by introducing something muggle to the wizarding culture. She had actually been rather pleased with that simple thought that he hadn't been made to do any chores for three days. He wasn't about to contradict her belief if it meant she left him alone. Harry sighed. For someone who just wanted to be normal he sure wasn't an average person or an average wizard. That really disturbed him. No matter how much he tried he was still a 'freak' or at least that was the only thing his family ever told him. Why couldn't he just be normal for once? Even in the wizarding world? Hedwig hooted at him sadly watching as he fingered the band like tattoo around his wrist. She was his first friend and wouldn't judge him on yet another weirdness to add to the list which included surviving an Avada Kedavra, youngest