Disclaimer: I do not have the magic neccesarry to take J.K. Rowling's form, so I fear that this countinues to be a fan made work. Authour's note: Thank you so much for trying out this fiction! This is my first fiction so if you find any spelling or formatting mistakes please tell me. Thanks for trying this fiction even though it is in progress! Please favourite and review Sometime in the future The boy is perfect. He was beginning to materialize, specks of dust coming together in the dim light of the empty. My breath caught as I watched the specks connect till a boy lay there, long black hair, silky yet not oily, hung in waves around his face, framing his smooth skin like the sun. His eyelashes were thick and outrageously long for a male, and I was desperate to see the flaming emeralds which I wanted so desperately to put out, mute the flame, turn it to ash. His lips are full, a thin top lip with a delightful curve at the centre that led to a full bottom lip, giving him the expression of pouting. His jawline was sharp and narrow, not squared off as in a more mature masculine way. His neck was long and thin, smooth pale skin covering his flesh with an occasional streak of a grey red that I dream of making that blazing red I see in his memories. My jaw hurts momentary as I stretch my lips upward to surprise him properly and place my thumb and index finger together. It's silly to keep the silence when I have such a lovely body lying before me. I snap my fingers. A brilliant streak of green surround a mass of black. "Good morning love." Screams pierce the air. The green thins and the black takes over. "BOY!" Eyes snap open, his breath catching suddenly with an onslaught of unnamed emotion. The door, if it could be called that with its petite size, was slammed open by a very large, very unstable blob. It took a moment, but as your eyes became accustomed, or I should say so overwhelmed that they were forced to move on, to the large amounts of flesh that shuddered with every breath and movement of the being, your eyes were able to wander to the top of the round ball of flesh, which narrowed slightly like the tip of an egg and revealed small slits in the flesh, one for the lips, two for the nostrils, and two for the eyes. Each were surrounded by a bit of colour to mark their existence, and all seemed to be melting inward to the flesh, as if the entire face was slowly caving inward. The nose, which didn't at all seem like a nose, was really just two slits, pulsing with the heavy breath that signified the being's anger. The eyes seemed closed in with the bags of flesh that caved over the slit every moment. Finally, if you were able to get past this rather repulsive description of this reality, you would find a slab of dull red hair, its colour matching the skin tone of the flesh, combed and gelled to a blunt point at the front as if this being cared for its appearance. "WHY ARE YOU NOT UP! PETTY WANTS TO EAT!" The roar of the voice shook the house, most assuredly waking the neighbors, thought they would never know it was a human who uttered these words at the sheer volume and mispronunciation. The boy leapt up, his tiny frame, as petite portrays naturality, and his size was definitely not natural, regardless of his age, trembling in surprise and fear at facing the rumbling of the beast. He had long dark hair, a colour that resembled the night sky as it tinted blue in certain lights. He was unbearably pale, even when not compared to the flesh yelling in front of him, and any observer regardless of their psychological state would immediately realize there was something wrong for a child to be tinted such a colour and not be facing an addiction. His face was thin, his neck a stick that led to a slightly thicker twig, then splitting into sections that were as thick as the stick that was a neck again. His face, a sickly narrow shape, was grey tinted as if it never faced the sunlight. The child's eyes, were, simply put, remarkable. The emerald colour was so variant, it almost stole the observer's eyes from noticing his sickliness. The pupils were large and expanded, showing the child's fear, and the eyelids were stretched open to take in the blob's body. The eyes seemed massive in the child's small face, and would still seem large if the child was matured properly. The eyes were framed by delicate eyelashes, that fluttered slightly with every blink by their sheer length. From there, you would find a small rounded nose, with a long bridge that caused the face shape to seem further stretched out and thin. Small, flushed, lips had a defined cupid's bow and a large curve for the bottom. The child, was fairly put, beautiful, regardless of his frailty and sickliness. The child, when finally digesting the butchering of the english language that came from the being in front of him, burst out the triangular door of the cupboard, that slanted as the stairs rose. He was in such a rush, that he did not notice the slab of flesh that stuck out from the doorway on the left hand side of the hall, which resulted in the boy falling forward on his face. A hushed giggle, well hushed for the blob's brood, was heard from the other side of the flesh. "BOY!" The child immediately jumped back up and ran onward at the rumble. The end of the hall opened up to a kitchen painted a sickly baby blue with white trim and granite counters. The walls had pink floral details surrounding the trim that looking without closer inspection like a child's, or I should say one of the blobs that were kept in this house, vomit. The boy burst through the door and immediately ran toward the stove. There was already a pan resting on top, so he turned the stove on and took a package of bacon from the fridge, frying the entire thing, regardless of the small number of inhabitants in the house. He followed the bacon with eggs, toast, fruit, and coffee and orange juice, with milk, tea, and chocolate milk on hand in case one of the feeders became picky. He then set the table and hurried back to his cupboard, sitting inside and shutting the door so it left a crack but still appeared to be fully shut so he would not get in trouble. The shaking of the staircase above the boy was heard and felt and the boy compacted himself into the corner at the rumble as if fearing the stairs would collapse onto him. When the noise from the kitchen was silent, and the television on, the boy snuck out of the cupboard and tiptoed his way toward the kitchen where he began to clean the disastrous mess left by the animals that lived there. He noticed that Dudley, the blob named Vernon's brood, had left some crusts, so, after looking each direction and being sure that no one was coming, he stuffed his mouth full of the dry bread and swallowed without fully chewing out of fear of one the beings finding him. After cleaning, he looked towards the ridiculously long list of chores that were pinned to the side of the cabinet and the boy knew he would not be eating dinner that night because of the impossibility of a human being able to finish so many chores in only one day. The child was suddenly very relieved he managed to sneak those bread crusts a few minutes ago. And thus, the boy began his long, tedious, but normal to his standards, day. s...s Later that day, when the sun was past setting and the sky was drifting from a grey to a dark black, the boy, who was painting the already spotless white picket fence that surrounded the house, heard a shout from the horse faced lady who for some absurd reason married the blob of flesh previously mentioned, calling for the boy to come in. The child let out a sigh, knowing his fate as he turned and walked toward the door surrounded by warm light. Upon entering, Petunia, her narrow, ugly, horse like face scowling in distaste, said, "Get to the cupboard. Vernon will deal with you later." The boy flinched and hurried to his cupboard. When he was curled in his corner, and the door shut, he began to think on the day and what will await him when the man gets home. He hoped he wasn't drinking, he was always worse when he drunk. Maybe he just stayed late. His sad hopes and reassurances died down and sounded even more pitiful when the sound of the front door slamming open shook the house. "Vernon, dear, how abou-" "BOY!" The child compacted himself further into the corner at the rumble of the voice, he slowly rocked himself and squeezed his eyes shut as if closing off the the outside world. "Get out here boy!" His rocking became more urgent, his body trembling. And then, the door slammed open. "Obey me boy!" The child let out a gasp, his eyes opening, knowing he won't be able to hide from his fate but trying none the less. "Please Uncle Vernon! I promise i'l-" The blob let out a roar, interrupting the child's whimpering, and grasped his chubby hands into the cupboard to grab at the child. For a moment, it seemed that the child was safe, the hands won't reach him. But then they managed to fist his shirt and he was dragged out of the cupboard, his forehead slamming into the top of the doorway in the rush. Vernon held the boy in front of his face, so he was hanging by the fist that held him by the collar, his thin legs dangling in the air. "DID YOU FINISH!?" his voice boomed "Please Uncle Vernon, I did 78 please Uncle Ver-" "78! I gave you 83! YOU DON'T DESERVE THIS ROOF OVER YOUR HEAD! LITTLE BITCH!" The yells continued as he dropped the child to the floor so he landed in a heap, his leg twisted oddly. The blob began to kick him, his yells continuing. "YOU, YOUR MOTHER, YOUR FATHER, GOOD FOR NOTHING. FREAKS!" Tears gurgled down the child's face, collecting in the pool of blood on the floor, as he passed out with that final word. March 1991 , Harry's eleventh year of existence out of the womb. To clear up any misunderstandings. The boy awoke with a jerk, his head throbbing unpleasantly with the numb ache drifting through his body. There were no yells, no running footsteps that shook the house, just the slight rumble from Vernon's snores upstairs. The child relaxed momentarily, obviously relieved that he awoke earlier than they have. His body tensed again, however, when he remembered the horrific dream that caused such a thing to happen. He shook his head, the knots that make up his shoulder length hair shaking around him with the motion, and carefully attempted to kneel, fighting against his trembling body. Just as he managed to get in a kneeling position and slide the first bit forward, he was hit with a dizzy spell, his vision shaking and blurring more than it is naturally, and fell to the side, his head making painful contact with the floor in the process. His breath caught, his eyes squeezed shut in a desperate prayer that he didn't wake up the creatures up the stairs. He counted to 100, picturing each number at the front of his mind, and