So, here's my foray into Harry Potter fanfictions. I don't own Harry Potter, and I only wish I could write something half as good. It occurs to me in hindsight that this fic bears no small resemblance to Jaime Evans and Fate's Fool . This is...not actually intentional. So let's just say that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery and call it inspired by that story. quick note: watch out for the p.o.v. switches, specifically the fact that there is one between the third scene and the fourth. also, if you're having trouble telling the different harrys apart, here's a tip: other than the first sentence, 'Harry Potter' will always be used to refer to the male harry, who is still fourteen and hasn't traveled through time. Chapter 1 An Evening With Martha "Well, here goes nothing," a very disheveled Harry Potter rasped, before popping the cork on the vial held in his too-thin hand and downing the foul-smelling contents. A pillar of light split the sky in twain. For hundreds of miles around, the shuffling of millions of footsteps halted for a moment. The only sound that remained was the ruffling of thousands of cloaks in the wind. The bright beam of light winked out, and the earth beneath it crumpled outwards in an enormous ring, and the island once known as Britain sunk beneath the waves. On a grassy hill overlooking the town of Leicester, England, a woman appeared in a flash of light. This, of course, was quite unusual. Women generally didn't do such things. Even witches, who were regularly known to appear of out nowhere, were generally accompanied by the distinctive pop of Apparition or the whirlwind of a Portkey. Of course, her method of arrival was not the only unusual thing about the woman. She was on the shorter side, and very thin, giving her an almost skeletal, emaciated look. Her wild black hair fell in untidy waves around her thin face, and vivid, poisonous green eyes peered out of sunken cheeks. She wore tattered trousers that hung loosely on her thin frame, sturdy boots, and a very ratty grey cloak. Her pale skin was also almost completely filthy — covered in mud, dust, and a great deal of a suspiciously dark liquid that looked a great deal like blood. All in all, she was not the kind of person who usually hung out in idyllic grassy knolls in the nicer parts of the English countryside. But perhaps the most unusual thing about her was the fact that she had traveled through time. And, the first thing she did upon appearing was fall to her hands and knees and copiously retch a great deal of viscous, pulpy red substance. "Ugh," she muttered, wiping her mouth with a grimy hand. Her voice was hoarse and raspy, from long periods of disuse. "That was pleasant." The she slumped a bit, and just lay on the ground, basking in the feel of uncharred earth and the gentle breeze that rustled through the grass. "Every time I think it can't get any worse, magical transportation somehow manages to surprise me by coming up with something even more unpleasant." She slowly pulled herself up from the ground, wincing. Once upright, she frowned, and slowly began patting herself down, as if she was trying to make sure that all her parts were still attached. Her expression, however, slowly morphed from vague distaste to shocked horror, as she took note of the distinctive body parts that categorized her as female. For a long moment, she just stood there, frozen, groping herself in a mildly inappropriate display. "Bloody hell — a witch? How? This doesn't even make sense — I traveled through time! Not... this !" She let go of herself, frowning, as if thinking through a difficult puzzle. After about five minutes, she then shook her head, muttering, "Well, I suppose it can't be helped now." Then, she fished a battered wand out of her pocket, spun it a few times around her palm, and promptly Disapparated. The first order of business was to find out if he'd managed to arrive in the right place — well, the right time, actually. Harry figured that he could address the reality of his new body after making sure he'd reached his destination — one thing at a time. Of course, he was also filthy , so that had to be pretty high up on the list of possibilities as well. But for now, in a grimy back alley of London, he fit right in. Considering his lack of cleanliness and the fact that money was useless in the zombie apocalypse, he was just another homeless bum looking to scrounge a newspaper. After three streets, each full of progressively smellier trash, he lucked out — someone hadn't bothered to collect their copy of The Sun . Picking it up in his disconcertingly delicate hands, he checked the date — 24/6/95. Well, at least something had gone right. Squinting up at the sky, he saw the sun was getting worryingly low. Then, he rummaged about in his robes and dug out a dented golden pocketwatch that once belonged to Fabian Prewett. He still had business before the end of the Third Task. An hour, then. Two at most. Enough time? Maybe. Maybe not. Probably. But it was worth the risk — he should have plenty of time. Voldemort wasting time trying to break into Gringotts and Hogwarts, or looking for traitors among his most loyal followers was time not spent gathering followers and gaining power. He made sure the alley he was squatting in was deserted, before turning on his heel, and Disapparating — — again. Harry reappeared in the dusty country lane that he'd seen so long ago in Dumbledore's Pensieve. He walked briskly along, quietly and furiously ignoring the way his chest moved and refusing to acknowledge that it might have been intelligent to make sure he was wearing the proper clothes for his new shape before doing anything physical. He very likely didn't have enough time, anyway. Once he came into sight of the town of Little Hangleton, he paused for a moment and stared intently at the graveyard, visible on the other side of the valley. He imagined that Wormtail might already be setting up the cauldron, down below. In a few hours, the Dark Lord Voldemort would regain his body there. And Harry had every intention of attending his resurrection. But first, he found the gap in the hedges that led down a narrow rocky path into the dark woods. The sun was still in the sky, but it was the light of late-afternoon, and the way forward seemed wreathed in shadow. Harry pressed forward, regardless. As he walked, he deliberately put his hand into the pocket of his tatty robe, and withdrew his wand. A murmured, " Lumos ," had the tip lit, illuminating a strange, decrepit building hidden among the thick trees. It looked long deserted and half-fallen apart, and the snake that had once been nailed to the front door was now only a few wispy bits of sinew. The door itself was only standing upright by the smallest bit of hinge — it looked ready to fall at any moment. The Gaunt Shack. It looked decidedly unwelcome. Harry approached, cautiously, on guard for any traps or creatures lurking in the darkness. Behind him, he could see where the trees thinned enough for the early evening light to penetrate the trees, but the house itself was untouched by the sun. It also smelled horrible, and that was really something, as it reminded him of the Chamber of Secrets, of all things. Must be a Slytherin thing — maybe they had a uniquely unpleasant scent that was just left in all the places they frequented. That theory also explained a great deal about Grimmauld Place. For all the effort Voldemort put into ensuring the objects he made into Horcruxes were significant, he didn't quite extend that same reverence to their hiding places. Harry had the perverse thought about Voldemort hiring an interior decorator for a moment. He stood in the center of the house, simply observing the scene. He'd honestly been expecting to encounter some kind of curse or dark creature here, but he could sense nothing — he felt perfectly relaxed. A number of years living on the edge of a collapsed society had, if nothing else, honed his instincts quite well — those who didn't learn to trust their gut soon found themselves joining the shambling masses of the living dead. And Harry's instincts, which were among the very best, told him that there was no danger. So Harry proceeded, if cautiously. A quick wave of his wand spelled the end of the front door's last hinge, and it fell forward with an ominous thump. A moment passed, and still nothing. Harry cautiously proceeded forward, his wand illuminating a very shabby room full of decayed furniture, and a shocking amount of mold. The remains of a kitchen occupied one wall, and the husk of a fireplace stood opposite. It was small, dingy, and an altogether miserable place. The roof of the small structure seemed one particularly strong gust of wind from caving in completely. Two doorways stood at the end of the shack, one having collapsed inward, along with part of the ceiling. Beyond, he could see the remains of a large bed, just as ruined as everything else in the room. Harry looked around, cautiously. By all appearances, it was just another ruined shack in the middle of the woods, long fallen into disrepair. Every inch of the house was rotted or rusted — it had long passed the point of disrepair and proceeded straight into ruin. He couldn't exactly remember where the Horcrux was supposed to be, and nothing jumped out of at him — figuratively or literally. He'd half-expected to be attacked the moment he set foot in the shack, but it seemed perfectly mundane so far. Just an old house that had been abandoned for decades. He considered the bedrooms, but dismissed that possibility. It was too obvious. Instead, Harry ventured closer to the wide stone husk of a fireplace, one of the few things that had remained relatively untouched, but it looked to be only cold, gray stone. On further inspection, Harry could see no distinguishing marks, just rough, fire-scorched stone. Reaching out, he carefully felt each rough block, running his fingers over the surface and repeating under his breath, " Lydium Lithos ." The spell was very old, originally one used in alchemy to determine the composition of a metal or bit of rock. If there was a spell tied to the rock, or if there was a space behind it, the spell would react. He was disappointed, however. Tom Riddle would not replicate something as mundane as the entranceway to Diagon Alley to protect his Horcrux. That kind of protection was entirely too plebeian for the man. Leaning back slightly, he took in the chimney again. It was altogether unremarkable. Hmm. He placed one hand on the floor and stood up. Something tickled at his memory. A comment, made by Dumbledore, in a cave, a lifetime ago. A simple, good idea...he raised his wand, and said clearly, " Accio Horcrux !" A very quiet thump sounded somewhere beneath him, and he looked down at the very solid hardwood floor. Huh. Now that he looked at it more closely, he realized that the floor had held together entirely too well considering the dilapidated state of the rest of the house. It wasn't pristine by any stretch, but it was mostly free of the pervasive rot of the rest of the house. Harry leaned down and pressed his palm to the floor. It was solid — he knocked once. It was far more solid than it should have been. Harry now had to spare an unfortunate thought — that he very