Note from the Author: Hello strangers! I have decided to take a crack at Dramione since it's my favorite fanfiction couple. I am just doing this for fun in my free time. I hope those who read enjoy 3 Disclaimer: I don't own these characters. Chapter One Hermione sighed as she rolled over in her bed. She could feel the sun burning the outside of her eyelids and already could feel a large knot of hair that was tangled behind her head. She squinted against the sunlight and slowly sat up on her elbows, her expression less than amused. She inhaled deeply and landed back on her pillow and put her fingers to her temples, massaging them deeply. More arrivals were coming today. She hated it when new arrivals showed up... There was always a lot of hostility between the people they had already took in and were helping, and the newer people that were still stuck in their ways and thought they were fighting on the right side. All the glares and snarls that start with every new person, all the insults, and remarks about her blood. She was exhausted from it. But this was a favor to McGonagall and she couldn't say no, especially when she was practically begging her. She missed Harry and Ron. She yearned to be with them, hunting for the horcruxes, but she was needed here. She heard a light tap on her door and a soft voice. "Hermione? Are you awake?" "Yeah, Luna", she called out, sitting up fully now," Come in." Luna walked in, her long blonde hair flowing in behind her," Are you nervous about the new arrivals?" "Yeah", Hermione sighed and looked out the window. "It'll be fine", her friend offered her a reassuring smile," You have me and the others." "I know", Hermione nodded and then shook off the feeling of dread. She smiled back at her friend," It'll be fine. It's just getting them to the point of them being human again that I don't look forward to." "Yeah", Luna looked off into space," It is rather sad seeing how we receive them, but I think that's what makes it more rewarding." Hermione thought about her friends words and decided she was right. The reward they get from helping these people and realizing they are all equal was very rewarding. "Well I'm not gonna be much of help like this", Hermione smiled," I'll be down in a little bit." "Okay", Luna smiled," I'll go lookout for Professor Lupin." Hermione inhaled deeply and swung her legs over her bed, the chill of the floorboards sending a shiver up her spine. She could feel the crisp of the air and the wind getting colder, but she was determined to cherish the last bit of summer weather there was left. "Good morning dear", Hermione said as she was greeted with warmth enveloping her and the smell of breakfast hitting her nose. "Good morning love", Tonks smiled at her from the stove," Eggs and ham for breakfast today." "Sounds perfect", Hermione smiled and seated herself. "Nervous?" Tonks asked Hermione without even looking at her. "Is it so easy to tell?" Hermione smiled sheepishly. "It's unlike you", Tonks remarked. "I don't know if nervous is the right word for what I'm feeling", Hermione stated," It's more just exhausted of the process." "A process that's worth it in the end though", Tonks finally turned to look at Hermione. "I know", Hermione nodded," I know my place is here." "GIVE ME BACK MY BOOK!" Tonks snickered and Hermione's shoulders tensed. "Must they start arguing this early?" Hermione massaged her temples again. "Sisters will do that", Tonks laughed. "Astoria! I said give it back!" Hermione watched as the younger Greengrass sister ran outside with what looked like a thick book and Daphne chased after her. "No running in the house!" Tonks yelled after them. "Yeah, this job is a piece of cake", Hermione smirked," When's Remus going to get here?" "Uh- any minute", Tonks' eyebrows knitted together. "Tonks, what is it?" Hermione asked with curiosity. "There is something I wanted to warn you about", Tonks look at her with concern. "What?" "The newest group is going to be exceptionally more challenging", Tonks sighed. "Why? Who is it?" Hermione titled her head. "Just remember to keep an open mind and stay patient", Tonks reminded her. Hermione looked at her friend as Tonks went back to cooking. Hermione felt a dark cloud hover over her about to erupt with thunder at any moment. "There they are!" Tonks pointed at the top of the hill above their wayward house. Hermione stood firmly, her hands clasped behind her back as she saw Remus and Sirius riding on a coach. She could hear the chains that kept the coaches doors locked clanging together. "This is going to be great", Tonks reassured Hermione," Is Luna with our veterans?" "Yes, she has them in the attic working on school work", Hermione nodded. It was a dire safety precaution they had to take. New Death Eaters meeting older ones they considered traitors. "Hello sweetie", Tonks beamed when her husband got down and kissed her deeply," I've missed you." "I've missed you too", he smiled at her and placed his hand on her small bump," I see the baby is coming along." "I just popped the other day", she smiled at him and Hermione felt her heart warm at the sight of them. She wondered if she would ever have that. A husband, a child... That seemed impossible with the impending war. "Hermione", she heard in front of her and smiled when she saw Sirius stretch out his arms for a hug. "Hi Sirius!" Hermione smiled and ran into his arms. She loved Sirius. He was so comforting. His presence could just instantly calm you. "You are getting older by the day", he extended his arms to look at her," Growing into such a stunning young woman." Hermione smiled and blushed slightly. She would never look at herself that way but it was nice to hear it. "Alright, let's get down to business", Tonks nodded sternly," I already warned Hermione and Luna about our newest recruitment's." "Oh, you told her who they were?" Remus looked at them with surprise. "No, she wouldn't tell me that part", Hermione glanced sideways at Tonks," But I must admit, my curiosity is peeked." Remus walked over to Hermione and put his hand on her shoulder," Hermione, you're the best at this job. No matter what happens, don't break. Stay strong. Promise?" "Yes", she nodded once. Who could it be that they were this serious? "Sirius, the doors", Remus took out his wand as did Sirius. They unlocked the chains and opened the door. Sirius walked to the door and gingerly helped out a tall, tan boy Hermione instantly knew was Blaise Zabini. He had a silencing charm on him and his hands were bound together. He looked at her disdainfully and stood next to Remus. Hermione watched as Sirius walked back to the coach and heard him struggle. "If you kick me one more time I will paralyze you", they heard Sirius grunt. He pulled out another person more roughly than he had with Blaise. He slammed the door of the coach shut and Hermione almost collapsed when she saw who was looking at. His blue eyes were bruised, his blonde hair matted and dirty, his clothes tattered and torn, but Hermione still knew it was Draco Malfoy. He glared back at her and Hermione could feel the hatred pouring out of him, seeping into her pores. "Be nice Malfoy", Remus snickered and Draco's glare shifted from Hermione to Remus. Sirius moved Malfoy with much difficulty next to Blaise. Both boys shifted away from each other uncomfortably and Hermione watched with interest. Last she knew they were best friends. She made a mental note for later. "Now..." Remus said slowly looking at them," Mister Zabini, I am going to take of your charm so you can speak. Okay?" Blaise looked at him and blinked once. Remus waved his wand and Blaise stayed silent. "Hello Mister Zabini," Tonks greeted him," I'm Nymphadora Tonks, but please just call me Tonks and I'm assuming you already know Hermione from school." "Nice to see you again Blaise", Hermione's mouth set in a line as she assessed him. He stayed silent for awhile before muttering a simple," Hi." He looked away after and kept his eyes to the distance. "Now Mr. Malfoy..." Remus looked at Draco which earned him a glare," I'm going to do the same for you, okay?" Remus waved his wand and took off the charm. "It's nice to see you again Draco", Tonks smiled at him," It's been awhile." Hermione remembered how they were cousins and it always surprised her how different they were. "I'm sure you remember me", Tonks continued to smile at him," And I'm sure you remember Hermione." This time Hermione didn't say anything. Just met Draco's glare. She didn't know if she could do this... He was a revolting person. He took pleasure in other's pain, tormented her for fun. But this was why she was here. To change people like him. She inhaled deeply and put on her best fake smile," Hello again Malfoy." Draco's lip curled over his teeth and Hermione saw how they were still white as snow," I don't want your fucking charity. Just kill me." "Draco, we are not going to kill you", Tonks looked at him, her smile gone," We are here to help you." "I don't want a fucking Mudblood's help", Draco snapped at Hermione. He was about to insult him again but Remus quickly put the charm back on him. "And this is why we use the silencing charm", Remus remarked and Hermione couldn't help but smirk which earned a glare from Draco. "Hermione, would you like to tell young Malfoy and Zabini how we run things here", Tonks turned the show over to Hermione. Hermione squared her shoulders, raised her chin, and put on her best authority voice," Talking is a privilege here gentlemen. To earn respect, you must give it to us. You will not be allowed on the grounds until you prove yourself responsible enough to be trusted. You will have assigned rooms and will abide by our rules which can be found in each room. You will respect our other students here. You will have daily chores you have to do and contribute to. If you do not abide be these rules, there are punishments. You will be required to go to a one hour therapy session with one of our social workers and you will attend to our curriculum programs here. Bottom line is, if you act like an animal you will be treated as one. Is that understood?" She looked at them. She stared into Blaises eyes until he nodded once and looked away. She then turned her attention to Draco," Do you understand Malfoy?" He remained silent, just glaring at her. "If you do not give me an answer in the next 30 seconds you will remain silent until tomorrow", Hermione warned him. She counted in her head as neither of them moved until 28 seconds when Draco finally nodded once. "Professor Lupin, please lift the charm off of Mr. Malfoy", Hermione requested. Remus waved his wand and took it off. Malfoy grunted and looked at the ground. "This isn't a terrible place boys", Tonks told them with a reassuring smile," These are just precautions we must take beforehand." "Within time, if you show that you can be trusted and with progress you will be given more privileges", Hermione told them. She doubted in her mind if she could ever trust Malfoy. She hated that he was even here. He was a monster. "With that being said, let's show you two your rooms", Tonks told them. "Can we have our chains taken off please?" Blaise spoke up in raspy voice that