A Woman In Trousers (Was: Kit's Journey ) Summary : Parties are no fun when you wake up to find yourself in a strange country, with a strange language and strange customs. Especially when you're greeted by the ugliest thing you've ever seen, and it's trying to kill you. Kit knows this, now. Rating : T: Swearing and violence galore. Also includes cross-dressing and general gender confusion, including pansexuality and all that fun stuff (although no actual sex). Disclaimer : Tolkien owns Middle Earth and all of the characters and places from the Lord of the Rings series and his other assorted works. I'm just borrowing them, and I promise to return them intact. For the record, this starts off in Rohan during the war of the ring, and will catch up with the books at some point, at which point Éowyn will probably become a prominent character, but I'm hoping to focus on the Rohirrim rather than the main characters. Author's Note : This is a "girl drops into ME" fic. I hope I can surprise you with it. And while Kit is somewhat of a self-insert, her name is one I've never used before (and has nothing to do with mine save for that it can be shortened into something non-gender specific), and my characters tend to bend themselves around their names, so I'm fairly sure she'll end up becoming somewhat of her own self within a couple of chapters. I also reckon some Monstrous Regiment (Terry Pratchett) inspired scenes will turn up, but probably not for a while. But anyway. Please enjoy. Please let me know if you enjoy it, if you hate it, if I've made a typo or a fault with canon. I don't have a beta yet, so there's only so much I can correct myself. ~Ela Chapter One Dreaming? Kit woke up. It wasn't the most pleasant waking. She had expected the usual dry mouth and crooked back, but what wasn't usual after a hard night's partying was being wet and very cold. Sitting up, she groaned when her back complained. She wasn't too surprised, though, when she looked around. Sleeping outside was never particularly comfortable. But as far as she could remember there was nowhere this empty around Ash's house though. "Very funny, guys." Kit complained as she rose, mostly to herself, since there was clearly no one around and the plain was fairly free of anything that would make a decent hiding place. A quick thought had her checking her pockets. "Okay, and you could have at least left me my wallet!" Leaving her where ever the fuck this was was all well and good, but on earth was she meant to get home without money or her cards. That was just not fun. Or even funny. No mobile either, she realised as an after thought, but since she only ever got signal in the city centre anyway, chances (not to mention sods law) was that she wouldn't have signal here either. The only bright side to this huge pile of crap was that no one had dared to try and steal her clothes. They probably realised that that really was a step too far. She even still had her black comfortable boots on, although she was fairly sure that she hadn't been wearing them at the party last night. Still, there were more important things to be worrying about: things that she wasn't lucky enough to have. It was just as well she didn't get too bad hangovers, but her mouth was horribly dry and her tongue was swollen. All she really wanted was a glass of water. Or two or three. Preferably three. Well, she wasn't getting anywhere just standing here. Even if she ended up further away from home, all she really needed to find was civilisation. Then she'd have to borrow a phone or something, and work out where the hell she was. And maybe then she could get home and get some well-earned sleep (not to mention as much nice cold water as her stomach could hold). Kit did wish that she had her headphones, though. Walking was boring without something pretty and loud blaring in her ears. Actually, most things were boring without something pretty and loud blaring in her ears, but walking in the middle of nowhere, where there was no road or even an obvious right of way was pretty high on the list. How on earth had the others managed to get her here? It wasn't as though she was light enough to carry – not over a long distance, anyway. There wasn't a house or a road, or anything in sight. They must have, like, been planning this for ages! What pains. There was, though, Kit realised with a grin, a stream or something. She could hear it. Thank goodness that she didn't have her headphones after all; she would have never been able to hear the soft trickle over her usual full volume soundtrack collection. It was harder to find than she thought it would be. Following the sound didn't seem to work: Kit clearly had no sense of direction. Eventually, she almost stumbled over it by luck. It was quite a big stream, hidden in a dip in the landscape. The water was filthy though, it had been stirred up by something, and ash and debris was flowing downstream. Her mouth was still achingly dry though, and she'd drunk from the river at home before, so there was no chance that this would be worse. Squatting at the water's edge, she scooped some up in her hands, drinking gratefully and then leaning forward so that she could drink properly from the muddy stream, quenching her thirst. Kit washed her face too, and stood up, feeling a whole lot better. Now. There was stuff flowing downstream, which meant that there was something happening upstream. If she followed it, she would find that something, which hopefully was a something that could help her get home. See, now that was clever . The edge of the shallow stream was horribly muddy, though, and her boots had already acquired a heavy layer of mud, so she moved a little way from it where she could still follow it but didn't have to carry the whole earth around with her. After what might have been an hour, what she thought might be some sort of village appeared on the horizon, but it was really too far away to see properly. It looked a bit weird anyway. And why were there still no roads? Something was really wrong here. As she got closer, she began to hear noises, and then, straining a bit, she heard something that sounded suspiciously like… screaming? That wasn't good. She stopped dead, chewing on her lip as she deliberated. Had it been a scream? There was another one, a definite scream this time, but before Kit had a chance to turn tail and run for the metaphorical hills, there was the noise of something behind her. Swallowing, she turned on her heel, and then it was her turn to scream. Chasing a young man was quite simply the ugliest thing she had ever seen. Transfixed, she seemed to forget how to move, becoming even more terrified as she noticed the swords that they were carrying. Now she knew that this had to be some sort of crazy, far too realistic dream. Or possibly a film set, although there was a complete lack of cameras. The boy yelled at her as he approached, but Kit didn't understand a word of what he was saying. Grabbing her, he tried to push her away, towards the village, but she was far too scared to move, staring at the ugly creature (which was also horrifyingly tall up close, especially for a short arse like her). Giving an annoyed huff, the boy stopped in front of her, muttering something to himself, and looking almost as scared as she felt. He brandished his blade at the creature, trying to look braver than he was. "What the fuck is going on?" She screamed at the boy, who just gave her a confused look, which almost lost him his life. Kit saw the blade of the creature ready to strike over his shoulder and pulled him out of the way. The pair of them fell down, the boy landing heavily on top of her, knocking the wind out of the pair of them. He had to save her next, rolling her out of the way as a heavily blade embedded itself in the earth where they had just fallen. Swearing furiously, Kit scrambled to her feet, a yank on the back of her t-shirt from the boy helping. Looking at him, she saw her own fear reflected in his eyes, and it made her a little calmer. He didn't know what to do either. Hands shaking, she turned to the beast, the boy beside her holding his sword out in both hands. It looked a bit too big for him. Kit realised that he was younger than she had thought, 15 or 16 at the most. Shit. And now she felt responsible for him. He was practically a kid, the same age as her middle sister. But what on earth was she meant to do? She had no weapon, and even with one, would the creature stop? She had never thought about killing something, and had never wanted to. Would she be able to kill, a living, breathing being? Even if it didn't appear to be human and had a face not even a mother could love, it was still murder. But then the creature lunged at her, and Kit was forced to fall back on instinct. Dodging out of the way, she was grateful she the boy got in between them, clashing blades with the beast with a loud clash of steel on steel. He blocked the blow, and then managed to free his blade to put in a stab towards the creature. "No, no, don't!" Kit yelled, suddenly scared for the boy. She didn't want to see a death, least of all such a young man's. That would be an utter waste of life. She didn't think that she had ever acted so much like a girl, and yet here she was trying to stop this one on one fight to the death by screaming at them in a language they probably didn't understand. When she stamped her foot, they both looked at her as though she was crazy. But at least the boy took the chance, ducking to stab the creature through a gap in his leather armour. It let out a bellow, aiming a wild blow at the boy so that he had to back away, leaving his sword buried in the creature's side. It pulled the sword out, tossing it away towards the stream. As it advanced on the boy, he was forced to back up, drawing a pitifully small dagger from his belt. He looked horribly harmless with the great creature menacing down on him. Kit now took the chance, ducking out of sight, dodging away towards the forgotten sword. Picking it up, she was shocked to find it was heavier than she expected, but at least she could hold it. The boy was signalling at her wildly. She assumed that he wanted it back, but it only served to bring the beast's attention back to her. Paling, she backed up, only to find that she had stepped back into the stream. She hadn't realised that she was so close to it. The creature grinned – or at least bared it's teeth at her – barring down on her. But her boots were good, and while her feet were soaking from the water that had flooded over the top of them, she still had enough agility and grip to jump back the three steps it took to cross the water onto the