Catching Fire: Rekindling By: Jamie Sommers Prologue The sequel to 74th Hunger Games Challenge: We Always Were. This prologue is set roughly three months after Katniss and Peeta return to District Twelve after the Games. The next chapter will start with the book and I'll be going chapter by chapter as I did in the first story. Thank you to my wonderful betas S and A for putting up with my crazy. Thanks for reading! Catching Fire: Rekindling This was Peeta's favorite time of year, autumn, but this year the changing foliage didn't bring with it the feelings of happiness he had felt in all the years past. Once before he'd take whatever he could, a piece of coal, a pencil, on rare occasion colored charcoals, and sketch the changing leaves. The reds, oranges and yellows always fascinated him. It was nature's way of creating art. He sat under the giant oak tree, looking up at the braches and tried to find the desire to draw, but it wasn't there. It was never there at the tree. The first time he went there, he expected it to be a source of inspiration for him; it turned into a type of torture instead, yet he continued to go back as a form of penance. He had broken Katniss' heart and she hated him for it. Peeta and Katniss had spent so many afternoons beneath that tree. During the Games it was a comforting reminder of home. Now that he was home, he found no comfort. No sense of safety or security. There was too much danger lurking. The Capitol was always watching. There were few places he and Haymitch could talk. For the first week they were able to whisper quietly in their own homes about sensitive information, and then they found out about the death of Seneca Crane and never spoke about anything of importance in their homes again. Seneca was the one informing them on whether or not the Capitol had figured out a way of wiring their houses. As it was, only Katniss' home had full working surveillance. Peeta couldn't use his phone without being listened to by the curious officials. He'd rip it out like Haymitch did, but what was the purpose? He only used it to talk to Effie and order his supplies. He was rich now so he could afford to buy all the art supplies he wanted. He didn't have to work another day in the bakery, yet he baked every single day, it relieved the stress, and would volunteer his help several times a week at the shop. Delivery days. For some reason, throwing around the bags of flour gave him a sense of calm. Peeta picked up a stick and started drawing in the dirt. His mind wandered to Katniss, nothing new for him, and he thought of his actions after they got home from the Games. At the District Twelve dinner, they had acted like fools in love. He was sitting at the table with the Mayor and glanced over at Katniss. She was stunning. Cinna had provided her with some new clothes for local events and the dress she wore that night stopped Peeta's heart. A royal blue sleeveless dress with various shapes cut out at the neckline and along the back just above her waist. Peeta made his way from guest to guest, shaking their hands with one and holding onto Katniss with the other. They were smiling, giggling…doing everything they were supposed to do amongst the officials from District Twelve. At one point he felt her squeeze his hand and thread her fingers through his. He looked into her eyes and thought, 'I can't let you go. We have to find a way to stay together.' He regretted ever agreeing to the rebels plan. Regretted walking away from Katniss on the train. He searched her eyes in the hopes that she'd feel the same way he did, but she looked away and his heart ached that much more. After she had said her silent hello to Gale at the train station, he expected to see him hanging around more, but he was working in the mines now and Katniss couldn't risk going to the woods while the camera crews were hanging around. Peeta found himself in familiar territory. Once again he was loving Katniss from afar and completely jealous of Gale. They wouldn't have to hide a thing. They could still go hunting together when the cameras left. They could go to the Hob. Hide out in the woods. About the only thing they couldn't do was flaunt a romance and Peeta didn't think that would happen. He was sure Katniss had meant what she had said about never falling in love with someone. About not getting married or having kids. Peeta still didn't want kids, if the rebellion was successful he'd probably reconsider having children, but marriage? Yeah, he wanted that. He wanted that with Katniss. The only good thing about Katniss spending time with Gale was that Peeta was sure he'd protect her, and Katniss' safety was all he ever wanted. Her safety and her love. After each of the events, after the Games, he and Katniss would go to, they'd wait for the cameras to shut off and he'd feel her slip her hand out of his. She was always the first to pull away from their kisses…their hugs. He might have suggested a temporary split, but she was making it a permanent one. He stood up from his position on the ground and braced himself against the oak tree. "One of these days, I'm going to get used to you," he said to his new limb. He let out a sigh and hung his head down. He was lonely. Today seemed to be a terribly bad day. "I miss you, Katniss," he whispered as he felt the rough bark of the tree against the palm of his hand. He wiped his dewy eyes on his sleeve, something he'd done a lot of in the past three months. He heard a rustling in the tree and looked up at it, but saw nothing. 'Probably just a squirrel,' he thought. He could feel eyes on him. He knew he was being watched. The Capitol saw everything. The hairs on the back of his neck were standing on edge. He walked away, shuffling his feet along the rocky path. He didn't know the eyes that were following him did not belong to the Capitol. They belonged to Katniss. ….. ….. She walked into her house with a somber expression plaguing her face. Katniss had waited until Peeta was out of view before climbing down from the tree, stopping at their carved initials; she was sure he had put there before the Games. It was worn and smooth around some of the edges, something only nature and time could produce. She trailed her fingers along the letters P and M and felt the tears burning in the back of her eyes and her throat closing up. 'Put him out of your head,' she thought. 'You have to go back to normal,' but there was no normality without him. She felt as though there was nothing but darkness and pain filling her soul. When her feet landed in the dirt, a puff of dust clouded around them. She looked down and saw what Peeta had been scratching at in the soil. He had drawn something. She turned her head to get a better angle and realized she was looking at what could have been her reflection. Peeta had drawn an image of her in the earth. She appeared forlorn and lost. 'Probably the way he remembers seeing you,' she thought. She kicked her foot and made a swipe with the sole of her boot to erase the picture. She didn't need to see it. If she had wanted to see it, she could just look in a mirror. Prim was standing in her living room waiting for her. She had promised to take her to the meadow today so Lady could graze. Prim had taken up arguing with Katniss as of late in regards to how strict she had become. Even her mother told her she needed to take it easier on her sister, but they didn't know how dangerous it was for Prim to roam alone in the district. The day her mother told her that Prim had gone to the meadow, Katniss had run there as fast as she could for fear that that would be the day the Capitol exacted their revenge, but she stopped short when she saw Peeta gathering herbs with her and Prim smiling at him. They had remained friends. Katniss had been worried that maintaining a friendship with Peeta would make Prim a target, but she was related to the Girl on Fire and nothing was more dangerous than that, so she said nothing about it. In a way she felt better knowing that Peeta had someone he could talk to. Prim had helped him go through some pretty tough times in his life before the Games, maybe she could help him now. That afternoon Katniss watched them for over thirty minutes until she heard Prim giggling and saw Peeta's sad smile. He hardly ever smiled when Katniss saw him. Even the hint of one brought a wave of sorrow and regret. There had been so many times she had wanted to tell him that they should just ignore the Capitol's threats and take a chance on life. What was the purpose of living if they had to be apart anyway? Katniss stuck out her hand to her sister's waiting form and held onto it. Prim had tried to help her out of the funk she had buried herself in, but Katniss couldn't tell her sister the truth. She couldn't tell anyone the truth. The one person she could talk to was Peeta and he was off limits, so she continued to sulk as she had since the cameras left District Twelve. "Sorry I'm late, Prim. I got held up." "I was just about to go to Peeta's and see if he could take me." Prim took her sister's hand and walked out of the house. "Where've you been?" "Just walking…thinking." "You've been doing a lot of that lately." Prim got her goat's rope and wrapped it around her hand. Katniss watched her do it and thought of the many times Peeta would wrap her braid around his hand and felt her stomach tighten at the memory of it. "I need to do something to keep myself busy." Katniss had stopped going to school. There was no purpose for it anymore. She didn't need to educate herself on Panem's history and how great the Capitol was. She'd become part of history and she already knew what a sham the Capitol was. She had always known, just not to the degree she did now. "Maybe you should go hunting?" Prim asked as she closed the gate that kept Lady in her section of their backyard. "Maybe." Katniss tried to find a smile for her sister. She hadn't been to the woods since she had gotten back from the Games. It's not that she didn't want to go, she wanted to, but she hadn't faced Gale alone since coming home and she didn't know how to answer the questions he would most assuredly ask her. She put thoughts of the woods out of her mind and said, "So…what's on Lady's menu today? Grass? Flowers?" "I guess we'll find out when we get there," Prim smiled up at Katniss. "Let's go." They walked hand in hand in utter silence. Prim used to rattle on and on to her in the past, now she allowed Katniss the quiet she craved. When Katniss felt like taking her mind off of life, she got Prim to tell her about her school day. Today, Katniss wanted peace. Too bad