Home By: Jamie Sommers Written for: Prompts in Panem Canon Items: Nightlock Peeta's first hours upon his return to District Twelve after the war. Living here in this brand new world might be a fantasy but it's taught me to love so it's real, real, real to me – Home, The Wiz Home I had been back in District Twelve for only a few seconds, but they were the longest seconds of my life. As I stepped off of the train in the early morning light and onto the platform I could almost see the crowd gathering for mine and Katniss' return. Everyone cheering the victors of District Twelve. No one ever expected someone from an outlying district to win the Games, let alone two, but we did. I rubbed my eyes with the back of my hand, clearing away the memories of the lost souls that had once been cheering for us. My family had been there that day. It was the first time in my life my mother actually looked proud of me. My father was grinning from ear to ear and I could tell from the puffy red rimmed eyes that he had been crying just a little before. That was the thing about me and my dad, when it came to lying, we were pros. We had been doing it for years to avoid getting my mother's ire up, but when it came to matters of the heart, we were a complete wreck. Neither one of us knew how to hide our tears. In the end, if I had to take after one of my parents, I'm glad it was him. My brothers had my mother's surly temperament and could never quite look past the clouds in the sky to see a burgeoning rainbow. "You all right, sir?" One of the train attendants asked me a little nervously. It used to be that people couldn't wait to talk to me. I was Peeta Mellark. Victor of the Seventy-Fourth Hunger Games. I was one of the star-crossed-lovers. Now all they saw was... Truthfully, I have no idea what people saw when they looked at me anymore. "Fine. Just," I had to take a little breath. "Just been a while since I've been home." I began thinking about that word, "home," and what it meant to me. Over the past two years it had come to mean a lot. It was the only place I longed to be. I remember lying in the cell next to Johanna's at night and quietly sobbing to myself thinking, I just want to go home. Now here I was and I was petrified to take a step forward. "Mr. Mellark," a driver cautiously walked up to me. "I'm here to take you home." There was that word again and with it came an enormous amount of trepidation. "Thanks," I lifted my small bag of items, a few shirts and a couple of pairs of pants I had to buy while being treated at the Capitol and reached for the large trunk at my feet filled with art supplies, sketches...pretty much everything I had created while in recovery. The few large paintings that I had completed were gruesome and I wanted nothing to do with them so I left them behind. They could burn them for all I cared. I just had to get the images out of my head. "I'll get that for you," the driver grabbed the trunk and loaded it into his car then took my bag and repeated his actions. He didn't say anything to me as he drove me through the deserted streets of District Twelve. The sun hadn't even rose yet so I'm not sure if it was due to him being tired or, like everyone else, apprehensive about striking up a conversation with me. The silence didn't bother me though. I found it preferable to making small talk. I was sick of that and refused to do anything like that ever again. My life was no longer on public display so I didn't have to be liked by everyone. If I wanted to be the surly one for a change, I could be. "Thanks for the ride, but I'd prefer it if you'd drop me off here," I told the driver to leave me at the entrance for the Town Square. For one, a car driving through town in the wee hours of the morning was bound to gather attention from the merchants that had to rise at an ungodly hour to prepare for business that day and I wasn't quite ready to attract attention. For another, I needed to see it. The bakery, and I wanted to do it alone. "Miss. Trinket said that," the driver started, but I put a quick end to it. "Effie Trinket isn't the one in this vehicle is she? Stop the car," I snapped at him. That's what I meant about not being liked by everybody anymore. It could have been the hijacking talking, but I knew it wasn't. Dr. Aurelius and I had discussed my temper about a million times and it always boiled down to the same thing, I was the one that was in control of how I reacted to people. If I bit their heads off for no reason, it's because I wanted to act like an ass. If I was polite, it's because I wanted to be. My emotional response to people was up to me. The only thing I couldn't control from happening to me were the flashbacks and even those I had gotten a handle on...sort of. In this instance with the driver, being an ass seemed like the way to go. It was already a bad day and from the sight of the dilapidated buildings surrounded by construction and newer buildings that had already been put up, it was going to get worse. The weight of my trunk pulled heavily at my arms as I walked through town in the darkness of night. Only a few streetlamps were powered up, highlighting my way through, but it was enough to see everything. The bakery sat there like a large lump of coal. It was the only place that had yet to be completely demolished. I was asked what they thought should be done with it, technically it was now my bakery I guess, or my pile of charred bricks, but I told them I wouldn't know until I had seen it for myself. My doctor thought it would be best not to look at it in its current condition, but after a few weeks of talking it through he saw my point of view and realized that I needed to say goodbye to my childhood home...to my family. As I stood about thirty yards away from the bakery I had to wonder if that doctor didn't know what he was talking about after all, because the trunk I was carrying slipped from my grip and I stood there staring at it like it was the first I had heard of the wreckage. Like the news of the bombing of District Twelve had just been broken to me and I began to sob. I could feel my heart being ripped from my chest as I stepped into the ashes of a life I had once had. It may not have been perfect by any means, but it was the only thing I had left to hold onto. My foot hit something hard and a clank of metal exploded through my head loud enough to wake those that died here, but the fact was, it was nothing more than the tip of a pastry bag rolling around in a charred cake pan. I bent down and picked it up, placing it on the tip of my pinky finger and heard my father's voice. My father spread his hands out and showed me the area where he had spent years baking and decorating the cakes in a corner of the kitchen. "This is our studio, and these are our tools." He handed me a star shaped tip. "Take care of them, Peeta. They'll be yours one day." My dad walked me over to the corner where a plain white cake waited to be decorated. "Remember," he took the tip out of my hand and exchanged it for an already filled bag of icing, "every cake is a canvas and every canvas needs an artist." I shoved the tip into my pocket and left the bakery, not able to endure anymore of the memories of my past. Still as I lifted my feet over piles of soot and ash covered debris I could hear the tinkle of the bell on the door when a customer walked in or out. The sound of my brother's grunting as we unloaded the trucks and put the stock away. I could smell the scent of fresh bread baking...cookies...muffins...yeast...basil...cinnamon...dill... They permeated my senses as I began the dash towards my trunk and small bag. I had to get out of there. I had to. When I opened the door up to my house in Victor's Village I wasn't sure what I was expecting. Maybe that warm feeling of familiarity to wash over me? What I got in return was nothing but a chilling sensation of loneliness. Effie had made certain that someone had gone into the house to air it out the day before and there wasn't a speck of dust on any of the furniture which somehow seemed to make it worse. It only reminded me that I had no one in this world. No one waiting for my arrival at the train station with open arms. No one at home with a cup of tea or even a casual hello. The only people I had were paid to do something for me. I let out a grunt as I sat on a footstool and covered my head with my hands. Quickly dismissing the idea to wake up Haymitch and let him know I was back. If Effie had gotten someone to dust for me then surely she told my mentor I was returning and when. And thoughts of letting Katniss know were completely out of the question. I lifted my head and stared at my front door. "Katniss," I said softly to myself. If it had been this hard for me to come back here, what had it been like for her? I loved my family, even my mother who left me questioning at times whether the feeling had been reciprocated, but Katniss had never questioned if she was loved. Prim had always loved her and she had always loved Prim. So much so that she volunteered for the Games. That morning had been hell on me, it had been hell on every child between the ages of twelve and eighteen not to mention their parents. There were boys from the Seam whose names had been entered into the reaping bowl too many times to count and me? I had five entries. Five entries out of thousands. I worried about my older brother who had two more entries than me. I worried about myself. I was terrified for Katniss, because I knew she had twenty entries and the chances of her name being picked were pretty good. If I had heard her name being called out I was sure I would die on the spot. I couldn't imagine anything worse until Effie called out Prim's name. The bottom dropped out from beneath my feet at that point. Prim. Sweet little Prim. Everyone was shocked when Katniss volunteered, but not me. I knew it within a split second that Katniss was going to go, and in that second I knew her volunteering was going to be worse than if her name had actually been called. No one ever voluntarily went into the Games from the outer districts, and Katniss had immediately put a target on her back. I was so