MUTTATION By: Jamie Sommers Rated: M/E for mature content, graphic violence, sexual content, language, blood, guts, gore, nakey people, hot sex… pretty much whatever you can think of, it's in here. Synopsis: A Terminator/THG crossover fic. Written for the Everlarkianarchives Movies in the Month of May Author's Notes: Thank you to my wonderful editors and friends for correcting my errors (and there are usually a lot of them), keeping me inspired, talking through plot lines, figuring out timelines, and keeping me sane. These ladies have been a blessing to me: Ab (my person and pretty much the most amazeballs human being I know), Broadway Baby (Ruler of the universe. The line forms here to kiss her ring), T$ (my sister in all things Italian and Puerto Rican cooking), L (Brain the Overlord. I bow down to you.), Racy-T (The 8 th dwarf who always makes me smile), and PBJ (Coffee Queen with the biggest heart). Thank you so very much, my darling girls. Having you all in my life gives me a sense of stability when my men (and dogs) drive me to the brink of insanity. A special thank you to Any, for creating the awesome banner for this story. MUTTATION The piercing cries of lives lost and gunfire erupted in sickening harmony as the rebel leader secured the soldier inside of the time displacement chamber. Stepping over one of six dead bodies in the room, the leader punched in a series of letters and numbers and aimed the vocal modulator towards the computer. Although it was the rebel leader speaking, it was the president's second in command, Seneca Crane's, voice that said, "Let the games begin," bringing the time displacement chamber to life. "Now!" The rebel leader cried, signaling the others to get to work. Two soldiers held an unconscious Crane's palms flat against the computer panel while two others held his head upright and his eyelids open. A green light scanned Crane's pupils while the console glowed and read his palms. "Come on. Come on," the rebel leader mumbled as the computer took precious seconds to confirm that Seneca's vital signs were normal. Satisfied, the computer moved on to the second stage of identification and the soldier listened from his position inside of the chamber as the computer announced Crane's vitals aloud, "DNA scan, complete. Heart Rate: 74 beats per minute. Temperature: 37 degrees, Celsius. Respiratory: 16 breaths per minute. Blood pressure: 116 over 69." Three seconds passed as the computer came to its final conclusion, "Head Gamemaker, Seneca Crane, identity and life signs confirmed." The soldier could hear the computer from his position inside of the time displacement chamber, and wondered what his own vitals would read if it checked his stats. The way his heart was racing in anticipation, he was sure the computer would have deemed him unfit for travel. Fortunately his life signs weren't the ones in question. With his arms and knees digging painfully into his chest, the powerful current ripped through the soldier's veins; making him feel as though the marrow in his bones had been replaced with molten lava. The agonizing pressure in his chest had him gritting his teeth so tightly, he thought they'd shatter like broken glass. Just as he convinced himself this wasn't going to work – that he was being boiled from the inside out – cool, night air filled him with life, a bright, white light blinded him, and his naked body crashed violently down to the ground. Albany, New York – Wednesday, September 27, 2186 The familiar squeak of rubber soles against marble echoed through the empty fourth-floor hallway of the New York State Capitol building. The end of her ten and a half hour workday had finally come, and not a moment too soon. Every muscle in Katniss Everdeen's body ached as she swiped her badge and unlocked the stairwell maintenance workers were required to use. How she wished this one night she could take the elevator to the basement where the employee lockers were. Glancing towards one of the security cameras that monitored the lift, Katniss remembered the whispers in the locker room when one of her pregnant co-workers, Lavinia, went into labor and used the elevator in lieu of the stairs. Not only was Lavinia fired for unauthorized use of government property, but it was done before she gave birth six hours later. With her shoulders slumped in exhaustion, Katniss melted into the group of people trudging down the stairs, staring at their feet. Most nights when she made this trek, she held her spine ramrod straight and her head high, but she had yet to acclimate herself to her recently extended work schedule. For a split second she entertained the idea of quitting her job and going back home to West Virginia, but that was all it took for her chin to jerk upright and her shoulders to square off. Granted, she didn't have the best job in the world, but at least she wasn't trapped underground in the same coalmine her father was killed in. Her only other employment alternative was to go into naturalistic healing like her mother and sister, Primrose, but the truth was, Katniss would rather clean the toilets of government officials than treat the wounded that showed up at her mother's door. It had been three weeks since she had spoken to her family, and their next scheduled call wouldn't be for another few days. "I'll have to send them extra coal and food rations," she murmured to herself, then took her jacket from her locker and shoved her arms into the worn coat. For some, sending extra rations was easy. All they had to do was use the Capitol's National Ration Network, but the closest Automated Rationing Machine, or ARM, near her home town was thirty miles away from her family and too far to walk. She'd have to go to an ARM tonight and withdraw the vouchers in order to get them on the morning train. "Great," she grumbled to herself as she broke free from the group of coworkers headed for the evening transport. September had been exceptionally warm this year, but tonight there was a chill and Katniss could smell the crisp scent of fall in the air. She missed this time of year back home. When she was little, her father would take her to the small hut they built in the woods. They'd spend the last days of summer fishing in the lake, and storing up on the last of the greens they foraged for. Lord how she missed those carefree days. Sitting around the fire, roasting whatever edible roots they had dug up, and small game they had shot that day. During those days, her father had taught her how to identify the plants around them, how to live off of the land, but most importantly he taught her the difference between hunting for sport and hunting for a purpose. " To take a life, simply because you have the ability to do so, is cowardly, Katniss. There are many people in this world that would give all they had for a piece of meat, or fresh berries. Don't take your ability to hunt, or the animals in these woods, for granted. One day we could be the ones dying of starvation like those left in Asia ." While Katniss stood in line at the ARM she took in the homeless men, women and children huddled beneath the elevated train tracks, and thought to herself, If you could see it now, dad. It's not as bad as Asia used to be before they were "cleansed," but it's pretty damn close . There were only five people ahead of Katniss at the ARM, thank goodness. She didn't feel like having to wait an extra half an hour for a transport. If these people would hurry, she could make the one that would be stopping up the street in the next few minutes. Alternating between looking at her watch and the person in front of the Automated Ration Machine, Katniss counted down the minutes until she'd get home. She went through her mental checklist for the night: deduct rations for Mom and Prim from her account, catch the 1:40 a.m. transport, stop at the vending machine and hope there was still something left for a late… The hair on the back of her neck stood at alert before she could finish her thought. Her eyes darted from side to side in search of trouble, but nothing seemed out of order. She was the next in line. In front of her was a guy she worked with. Jim? Brad? Behind her was… Trouble , she thought to herself. Though she couldn't put her finger on the reason her self-defense alarm went off, she could sense that the person behind her – most likely a man from the amount of wind he blocked – was standing just a little too close for comfort. She had a couple of choices. Forget about the ration vouchers and strike up a conversation with… "Thom," she said just loud enough to have the guy standing at the ARM glance up from the machine and look around for the person that called his name. She considered putting an elbow in the gut of the guy behind her and telling him to back off. If the guy behind her got any closer, Katniss would forget her errand for the evening, and make a new friend in Thom, but the stranger didn't move a muscle when she took her place in front of the machine. Before she pressed her index finger on the identification pad, she glanced behind her at the guy that had made her feel crowded. He was of medium build and had dark blond hair, but she imagined with a good washing it would turn a shade or two lighter. His jaw was strong and dappled with even darker stubble, and his eyes were a piercing shade of blue. Their glances locked for a few seconds, and then Katniss told herself she was being ridiculous. He was just another Capitol worker trying to take care of his business. It took her less than three minutes to withdraw the rations from her account, tuck the vouchers into a zippered pocket inside of her jacket, and head towards the transport stop. She glanced at the ARM then back at the two people in line, both of whom were women. "Where did he go?" She whispered as she looked all around her. The dirty haired blond had vanished into thin air. A sense of relief flowed through her at his sudden absence. Though he looked harmless enough, with a month's supply of food and coal vouchers in her pocket, Katniss didn't trust anyone, least of all strange men with brooding blue eyes who had no clue what personal space meant. She wouldn't feel truly at ease until she was safely seated on the transport. No one in their right mind would try anything on a government-owned piece of property. She waited in yet another line for a few minutes before her ride arrived. Once seated, she blew out a sigh of relief, and rested her head against the darkened window. Ten more minutes and she'd be home. Maybe she'd forget about buying something from the vending machine she passed on her way home after all. It wasn't until she had gotten off the transport and was twenty-five yards away from her housing unit that she noticed the sound of footsteps coming from behind. The unsettling feeling came back full force as she picked up momentum, but the footsteps behind her matched her pace, growing faster…louder. It would only be a matter of seconds before they'd catch up to her. Deciding that she'd rather overreact and run for her unit than be robbed, Katniss pumped her legs and took off towards the gated entrance. Pressing the flat of her hand