If Only I Could Reach Her By: Jamie Sommers Prompt: Day 3 - Queen Anne's Lace: An illusion, hallucination, fable, or daydream. Fantasies are mental images about events that have not happened but often fulfill a psychological need or wise. Rated: Teen for imagery. Summary: When Peeta's nightmares turn to reality, he reaches towards the ethereal being, in the midst of darkness, with the hopes that she will save his life. An outtake from the world of Road to Recovery (set during chapter seven), told in Peeta's POV. Can be read as a standalone piece or in conjunction with the series. Author's Note: Thanks Ab for your unbiased opinions. Thanks Mace for predicting my needs. Thanks Broadway Baby for editing and inspiring me on a daily basis. And thanks to all three of you for being there when I needed someone and when I didn't. Thank you my friends. If Only I Could Reach Her " Love is on the way On wings of angels, I know it's true I feel it coming through Love is on the way Time is turning the pages I don't know when, but love will find me again" ~ Celine Dion~ The room began to spin as the tracker jacker venom became one with my bloodstream, and the world I was trapped in grew hazy and dark. "Katniss," I screamed her name out in my mind, desperate to keep her memory alive, but it was barely audible by the time it reached my lips. The metal hospital bed they had me strapped to began to make a rattling noise from my body's violent quakes, I tried to hold onto reality, but it was quickly slipping away. I knew I'd eventually succumb to Snow's torture, either that or die, but I sure as hell didn't want to make it easier for him. I searched my weakened mind for the memory of her, for the sanctuary her arms provided me when everything around me grew dank and cold, I searched for Katniss. I could hear Snow's voice fading into the background, yelling, "If I'd wanted you to kill him, I would have televised it!" The scientists and doctors Snow assigned to work on me were scrambling. They pushed buttons on the machine that regulated the venom they were administering and yanked the IV from my arm, and a female voice shouted frantically, "We're losing him," just as I surrendered to the gloom. " Peeta," the sound of Katniss's voice came from my side, but the darkness concealed her from my sight. I tried to reach for her, but I stopped when I felt the thick liquid pooling at my feet, and saw the fluorescent white walls closing in on me, causing the pitch black emptiness to glow. "Peeta," there was a tremor in Katniss's voice as she called to me again and again, but I still couldn't see her. All I could see was the neon green of the poison Snow shot into my veins, flowing across my feet like a river, and the bright red blood from my most recent beating, sprayed across the white walls. "Peeta," her terror filled voice continued to call to me; I began to turn my head from left to right in search of her, but the bright colors blinded me. "Please, Peeta," her urgent tone replaced with distress. I tried to reach out to her, to force my feet to move towards her plea, but I was frozen in the midst of this rising green stream. My feet refused to move. My arms were pinned to my sides, and I knew if I didn't reach her soon, I'd drown in the quickly flooding room. "Please, Peeta. Please," she implored, and though I couldn't see them, I could hear the tears in her voice. The green liquid rushed between my thighs…past my waist…mid chest, and then I saw her. "Katniss?" She was at the end of the room draped in a gauzy white gown. Her arms were at her sides and when she spread them open, I could see the wings Cinna had made for her, spread out as though she were welcoming me home. " Peeta," I felt the warmth of her breath stirring the air around me and wet droplets on my neck. I sucked in as much air as possible before the neon waterway took away my ability to breathe, and prayed that Katniss would be able to use those wings to fly away some place safe from harm. "Please, Peeta," the desperation in her tone made me wish I could tell her that everything would be all right, that my death was what I wanted for her. She could finally win the Games and go home to her family, to the people she loved, but it was too late, as the river of venom had covered my mouth. "Please, Peeta," Katniss quietly sobbed. "Wake up. Wake up." My eyes flew open on a gasp. The flood of tracker jacker venom I was drowning in was gone and I was lying safely in my own bed with Katniss leaning over me. "Katniss?" My arms wound around her in one swift motion. Pulling her to me, I placed hard kisses against the side of her head, her cheek, anywhere my lips could reach. "I knew you'd save me," my thick voice croaked out as I tried to make my way out of my nightmare and back to reality. "My God, Peeta." She was sniffling in my ear, "You wouldn't wake up," over and over again. It took me a few seconds to comprehend what she had said. "I kept shaking you," Katniss ran her hand over my cheek; "I hit you." She placed a soft kiss where my cheek stung, then followed with, "I'm sorry if I hurt you, but I couldn't get you to wake up." "I was dreaming," I said half to myself and half to Katniss. It hadn't felt like a dream. It felt as real as the material of Katniss's nightshirt gripped in my fists. "My whole body was quaking," I said, remembering the sound of the hospital bed's rails clanking, from my dream. "No. That was me. I was trying to shake you awake." I wiped the puddle of tears she cried against my neck and studied them, expecting them to glow like the tracker jacker's venom, but they failed to do so. "I wasn't drowning?" "No," Katniss laid herself across me, tucked her head beneath my chin, and blew out a deep breath. "My God, Peeta, you scared me." "Sorry," I glanced around the room as much as I could considering the weight of Katniss had me pressed into the mattress, and let out a few cleansing breaths of my own. My heart refused to stop racing no matter how many times I told myself I was safe. Katniss asked, "Do you want to talk about it, Peeta?" I answered, "No," without even thinking, but she was trembling, and I could still hear her sniffling so I asked her, "Do you want to talk about it?" It took her a couple of minutes to answer, but eventually she did. "I thought you were having a flashback in your sleep or something. You were gasping for air and every muscle in your body went rigid and stiff." Her hands ran over my arms as though she was making sure they were no longer as tense as a steel rod. "I was so scared, Peeta. I didn't know how to help you." "I'm okay now," I pressed my lips against the top of her head and ran a comforting hand down her spine. "Let's go back to sleep, okay?" I checked the clock on the nightstand, hoping it was early enough for me to make an excuse to start my day, but it was only two in the morning. "It's late." Rolling us to our sides, I pulled Katniss to my body and felt her arms and legs wrap around me, cocooning me in her warmth. Though I didn't tell her that this was what I was searching for in my dream, I did take advantage of the security she provided me. "Shhh," I whispered into her hair when I heard her soft whimpers. "I'm okay, Katniss. It was just a dream." Terrified that I might slip back into that dark world again, I didn't bother closing my eyes. No matter how hard I fought sleeping, my body gave into its physical exhaustion and I was sucked back into the neon river, gasping for air. I stared at the angel, whose wings were spread wide open, inviting me to the safe haven her arms would provide…if only I could reach her. ….. ….. ….. During that period of time, Katniss and I would rotate at whose house we slept. We'd spend a few days at mine, then hers, then mine again. It was a pretty good set up, allowing both of us the comforts of home when we needed it, yet still allowing us freedom to live our own lives. We didn't do much without the other, but it was nice to know we had that option. With the exception of the nightmares we both suffered from, and my flashbacks, life was slowly becoming a routine; a glorious exercise in normality. On the mornings Katniss would go to the woods to hunt, I'd spend time with Haymitch, making sure he hadn't drowned in his own vomit. Our mentor still drank more than I approved of, but the time he spent in a dry district, showed him that he could survive without the aid of alcohol. I asked him when I got back to Twelve why he started drinking again since he had finally kicked the habit, and he gave me that look that stated, 'You know why.' Unfortunately, all of the remaining Victors knew why he drank, why I painted and baked, why Katniss continued to hunt even though we no longer needed to eat off the land, why Annie cried all the time… It was during one of my visits to Haymitch that I remembered a conversation I had with Gale while we were hiding in Tigris's basement. He had insinuated that Katniss would spend her life with whomever ensured her survival, and though I didn't argue with him at the time, his comment hadn't sat well with me. After a few minutes of silence he said, "I finally understand what you and Katniss went through in the Games." " No," I shook my head at him and handed him the cup of water he had given me to drink. "That's something you'll never understand. Being in a war isn't any better, but revolutions have a purpose. I don't necessarily agree with the fighting, but there's a reason for the rebellion." I stared at my bound wrists and whispered, "Hopefully you'll never have to understand what it was like being in the Games." Gale rolled his eyes and said impatiently, "I get it." " No. You don't," I said forcefully, and tried again. "Imagine aligning with your enemies, knowing that they could slit your throat at any moment. Imagine hunting down innocent children who only want to go home and sleep in their own beds…to see their families…who want to live past the age of 18, all for the sole purpose of entertainment. It's so much worse than the war we're fighting." That's why I did my best to allow Haymitch his alcoholic vice without lecturing him. The content of his bottle was all he had to get him through his nights. Thank God Katniss and I had each other. On the days that Katniss didn't hunt, we'd work on the book, do housework, take walks, read, anything but watch television. The broadcasts were different now and no longer filled with reminders of the Games, but the propaganda remained. It wasn't nearly as bad as it used to be. The one minute spots