Catching Fire: Rekindling - Outtakes By: Jamie Sommers Peeta's Pleasure These outtakes go hand in hand with my series or feel free to read them on their own. Warning! This is for mature eyes only. If you're not 18, stop reading as these stories have sexual content in them. This particular story goes hand in hand with Katniss and Peeta's wedding night (Chapter 13 in CF: Rekindling). This is only the first in a series of stories to go along with CF:R. Thank you A. If you haven't read my series, please feel free to do so. It starts with the 74th Hunger Games Challenge and moves onto CF:R. If you like this story, feel free to leave positive feedback. If you don't...eh...I'll survive. Katniss and Peeta have just gotten married. This is the start of their wedding night. Peeta's Pleasure The fire was blazing, a loaf of freshly baked bread broken in two pieces with two tiny bits missing and crumbs scattered about the bricks in front of the fireplace. The curtains were closed, the doors and windows tightly shut and the toasting finally complete. Katniss and Peeta were facing one another, both of them resting back on their legs. Their eyes and hearts, full of love. Around them the air buzzed with a nervous excitement. An anticipation of what was to come. "Peeta. Please kiss your bride," Katniss voice was subdued and persuasive. This was the moment she had been waiting for since Mayor Undersee married them less than an hour before…since Peeta said yes to her proposal. He cupped her cheeks in his hands and brushed his thumbs against them before tilting his head slightly to the side. Peeta placed a soft peck against her full lips and looked into her silver eyes. "I love you, Katniss Mellark." A gentle smile played upon her lips just reaching her eyes. "Katniss Mellark," she said in with a tranquil tone in her voice. Her heart began to race at the sound of her new name. "Say it again." Peeta held his lips against hers and whispered, "Katniss Mellark." Something stirred inside of him when he felt her body shudder at the mention of her name. He got up on his knees lifting her with him, pulling her against him for a proper kiss. He wrapped her long, dark braid around one hand and ran the other up her back, clutching her to him as his lips pressed firmly against hers. Katniss slid both of her palms under his arms and up his back. She could feel his muscles tightening at the touch of her hands. She parted her lips and felt the tip of his tongue sweep against hers. It played with her there…tiny little flicks that shot bursts of electrical currents through her entire body. The way he teased her drove Katniss crazy with desire. She had no clue how he learned these things, maybe one day she'd ask him, but right now all she wanted to do was savor the sensations that were stirring through her. She dug her fingers into his shoulders from behind as a familiar tightness began in a low part of her belly quickly followed by a warm liquid rush between her thighs. He couldn't seem to pull her body close enough to his. He pressed his hardness against her stomach. The sound of her whimper caused him to plunge his tongue deeper into her mouth and explore her figure with his hands. He touched her everywhere except the places that he really wanted to. They had spent so long trying to keep their desires at bay that the thought of being able to act on them seemed unreal to him. He wasn't sure what he was allowed to do, neither one of them wanted children, it was too dangerous being that they were both victors of the Hunger Games. If they got pregnant, their child was sure to be in the arena. "Katniss," he breathed against her skin. "I don't want to get you pregnant." Her lips trailed across his chin…his cheek, her fingers threaded through his hair. "We can…oh," her head dropped backwards when she felt his moist lips against her neck. "Oh, Peeta." She didn't just want him, she needed him. "There's something…" she said between pants, "…we can try. It might…" her lips…tongue were doing a dance with his, "….might work." "Might?" He reached down and started unbuttoning her vest. "Might. I can live with might." He looked down to see what he was doing as his fingers fumbled with her buttons. "God, why can't I get this?" "Here," Katniss pulled away from him. "Let me." Her eyes were lit up with pleasure as she finished the task for him. Peeta sat back and pulled off one of his shoes and threw it to the side then did the same with his other. Katniss found herself giggling, a rarity for her, and falling backwards onto her rump as she tried to take off her boots. "Let me help you," Peeta untied one of them and gently removed it from her recently injured foot then tossed it across the room. The other followed and landed about a foot away. "We're so romantic," Katniss arched her brow and gave him a little smirk. Peeta stood up and held a hand out to her. "I can give you romance if you want it." Katniss placed her hand in his and let him pull her up into his arms. "I can drown you in it for the rest of your life." He brushed the hair away from her face with both of his hands before he slowly kissed her and melted her from the inside out. Katniss had no clue if she was a romantic, this whole thing was new to her, but if what he was doing to her was romance, she was all for it. The knocking in her chest reverberated through the room so much so that Peeta pulled away from her. "What are you doing? Don't stop." She said on a heavy sigh. "Someone's at the door." The knocking came again and Katniss instantly wanted to kill whoever it was on the other side of the door. "I swear if that's Haymitch it'll be the last thing he ever does." Peeta looked down at himself and said, "I think you better get it. I'm not really…presentable." He walked to the sofa, sat down and pulled a pillow over his lap as Katniss pressed her hands against her flushed cheeks and answered the door. It wasn't Haymitch. "Oh, hi mom." Katniss said brightly, trying to hide her obvious discomfort. "Hi. We're sorry to bother you…" "Hi," Prim said the next words quietly, "Mrs. Mellark." Katniss couldn't help but to smile at her sister's giddiness. "Hey there." She held the front door open and said, "Come in." "We only wanted to drop something off for the two of you," her mother said. She placed a large covered tray on the kitchen table and said, "Hi, Peeta." "Hey, mom." He waved from his sitting position on the sofa wishing his embarrassment to go away. "We brought you two some dinner," Prim announced. "There's roast chicken and vegetables and goat cheese and we got some lemon tarts and I brought your favorite, Katniss…grape juice." She held up the thermos and set it on the table. "Thank you, Prim." Katniss reached out her hand and took her sister in a hug. Peeta felt the blood draining from the lower half of his body once Prim started talking, thank God, so he got up and went to greet his new family properly. "That was very nice of you two." "Well, you couldn't be expected to make dinner on your wedding night," Katniss' mother said. "And now, we're going to be on our way." She put her arm around Prim's shoulder. "You two enjoy your evening. We'll see you tomorrow or the next day. Call if you need anything." Prim looked over her shoulder and said, "See ya," with a huge smile plastered on her face. Katniss followed them to the front door and locked it behind them. She turned around and pressed her back against it. "That was a mood killer." Peeta let out a belly laugh and said, "Yeah. Seeing your mother and sister kind of…dampened my spirit, so to speak." He looked around the room and blew out a breath. His eyes landed on the tray of food and he asked, "Want to eat?" 'No,' she thought to herself, 'She didn't want to eat. She wanted Peeta, but her mother and sister put an end to that.' Katniss let out a sigh and said, "Might as well see what they sent." Peeta unpacked the items her family brought over and placed them on the table as Katniss got out some glasses. They were unnaturally quiet as they set the table for a dinner neither one of them wanted to eat. Peeta poured some juice into Katniss' glass taking notice of the disappointed expression in her eyes. "Katniss?" "Yes," she lifted her eyes to his. The moment he captured her gaze he was lost. "I don't know about you, but I'm not the least bit hungry." "Me either," she confessed to him. He stood up, walked around to her, took the glass of dark purple liquid she was holding from her hand and set it down on the edge of the table only to have it topple over and spill all over her white shirt. "Damn it!" He got up and grabbed a towel and began pressing it against the material, the table…anywhere the juice was which seemed to be everywhere. "Geez!" Peeta rushed to the kitchen for another dishtowel and spread it over the table only to knock over the thermos causing more juice to pour out. "For goodness sake!" Grape juice seemed to be seeping through the cracks of the table and onto the floor, pooling underneath the tray of food and staining everything in sight. Katniss wasn't sure where the laugh came from, but it started low in her belly and erupted through the room. "What the hell are you laughing at?" Peeta asked as he got another towel and began wiping up the floor. Katniss had her hands on her stomach and continued laughing. "Katniss! I could use a hand here!" He was on his hands and knees cleaning up the mess. He glanced up at her, his hair flopping across his forehead. "You think this is funny?" She nodded, smacked her hand on the table and her fork flew up and bounced against his butt, causing him to slam his head into the table. "OUCH!" He rubbed at the back of his scalp as Katniss' boisterous laugh grew louder and louder. "OH…MY…GOD…." She doubled her arms over her stomach. "I…can't…breathe…" Peeta looked at her as though she belonged in an asylum. "I'm glad you find this humorous because I don't." He stood up and got ready for an argument. "This is supposed to be our wedding night. It's supposed to be full of romance not…your mother and sister interrupting us in the middle of foreplay and…fumbling fingers and…spilled juice and…bumped heads and…and…" he looked at the scene before him and noticed Katniss' piss pour attempt at holding in her laughter and suddenly his was joining hers. Both of them began giggling uncontrollably until the sound of their laughs filled their entire kitchen. They spent a few minutes appreciating the awkward situation, and then cleaned up the juice. "Oh, Peeta. You should've seen yourself on all fours trying to clean up that juice and that fork stabbing you in the ass," Katniss turned to him and placed her hands on his lower arms as her laughter slowly began to fade. "Sure," his chuckle echoed through the room. "Laugh at your husband's misfortunes Katniss. That's the way to start off a marriage." "And ruining my favorite shirt is the way to