You Forgot to Remember By: Jamie Sommers Rated: M, NSFW and EXPLICIT! Day 7 PiP: Black and White Warnings: Mild violence, first time intercourse, and explicit descriptions of sexual acts. Summary: Katniss and Peeta find themselves in the throes of passion in the most unexpected of places: Tigris's basement. When morning comes, will they acknowledge the night the boy with the bread returned to place a claim on Katniss's heart? Will Peeta be able to keep hold of the memories they created? Or will Katniss choose to act as though they hadn't shared a once in a lifetime experience? Find out in… You Forgot to Remember Remember we found a lonely spot And after I learned to care a lot You promised that you'd forget me not But you forgot To remember ~Irving Berlin~ I see Peeta being strapped to a table and throw myself against the glass when the monitor shows his heart has stopped beating. Something in the back of my mind tells me that I've lived through this moment already, that it will be okay, until one of the doctors pulls his mask down and I see a speck of blood dripping from his puffy lips. "Noooooooo!" I simultaneously yell and shoot upright from my sleeping position. Taking a look around the room, I see what's left of my squad asleep beneath the piles of old furs that Tigris has given us to keep warm. Pollux has finally succumbed to exhaustion from the grief of losing his brother. I don't think Cressida has ever been as physically active as she has been the past couple of days, so she was out the second her head burrowed into a soft fur. Gale has lost so much blood from his neck wound that his body has simply shut down in search of healing rest. Not one of them flinches at my screams. For a moment I think, Thank God we're not under attack. None of us would survive. I start as I feel his eyes on me, but the familiar blue that always held a hint of humor and an abundance of love, is gone. In its place is the constantly questioning look Peeta gives me, trying to determine if he should worry about me or revel in my discomfort. When I see his stare piercing me through the darkness, I know that Peeta has decided on the latter. I hunker down beneath my fur and remember a time when Peeta's arms soothed me — a time when I found security in them from the demons that invaded my sleep — and I miss the boy that loved me, I'm tempted to crawl to him at this very instant. Instead, I close my eyes and think to myself, My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old and I am the Mockingjay. Peeta has been brainwashed by Snow to kill me. Coin has sent Peeta to the Capitol because she wants me dead too. I am going to kill President Snow. This last thought is the one that normally brings me a sick pleasure, but tonight all it does is remind me that I have lost almost everything that brought a modicum of joy into my life. I lost my home Snow's firebombs. I've lost my best friend, Gale. Our relationship always feels as though we're in limbo now. He's waiting…hoping that I will discover I'm in love with him too. I haven't, and I'm certain that I'll never be able to have those feeling for anyone. I know I care for Gale. He's been my confidant for years, so of course I care, but I have yet to figure out what that means. I glance over my shoulder, for only a second, but it's long enough to see Peeta staring back at me and pressing his wrists into his handcuffs. I have lost him too. A sharp pain stabs me in the gut when I think of how I always assumed Peeta would love me, and now that he doesn't I find it hurts more than I can bear. I push those feelings down in the pit of my stomach. I tell myself that my family is safe, that Gale's family is safe, but then I remember that Peeta's family…thousands of families are dead because of me, and I slink deeper beneath the fur. I try to find something pleasant to think about that will help me find peace while I sleep: Prim's gift of goat cheese, my father teaching me to use a bow and arrow, floating weightlessly on the lake in District Twelve... And before I know it, I'm stuck behind a plate glass wall again, screaming for Peeta. I can see Snow's scientists surrounding Peeta's unresponsive body injecting tracker jacker venom into his veins. My voice is screeching. My nails are bloodied from my attempts to claw my way through the thick shield, and I watch as Peeta succumbs to a form of torture no living soul should ever bear. "Peeta!" Once again I sit straight up, only this time I don't look around to see if anyone is awake. I don't have time to care. The only thing I can think of is getting to Peeta. I crawl the few feet across the floor that is padded with furs, and fumble for the key to his handcuffs. I think my actions will rouse him, but then I see that he has been awake this entire time and watching me. "No, Katniss," he hisses at me. "Don't." His fists are clenching the pipe to which his hands are cuffed. I release one hand. With my sense of survival still intact, I smack the empty iron cuff around the pipe so only one of his hands is free and the other is still bound. I pull his fingers free from their grip and whisper to him, "Please, Peeta. Please don't fight me." I don't care if it's one arm or two, I need to feel safe again, and only he can provide that. "I could kill you," he says with more fear than threat in his voice. "But you won't," I press my lips against his in a hard stamp and wrap his struggling arm around my body. "You won't." I can hear the distinct tremor in his voice when he asks, "But what if I do?" And I say the only thing I can think of, so closely to his neck that I can feel the heat of my breath radiating off of his skin, "How 'bout you don't." He takes a brief pause before he lets out a tiny chuckle, then his whole body starts to tremor. There is an internal battle going on somewhere deep in his mind and I pray my old Peeta wins. I can physically feel his mental struggles. One second he's the boy with the bread who will do anything to save my life. The next he's the man that showed up in Thirteen and said hello by trying to choke the life out of me. Right now, I can't wait for him to figure it out, because my insides are still quaking from the nightmare and I need the boy with the bread so badly, I'm willing to take my life in my hands to get him back. I reach up and unlock his remaining cuff to which he says gruffly, "No. No," squeezes his eyes closed, and violently shakes his head as though he's trying to ward off the evil that lurks within his mind. "Please, Peeta," I quietly beg him while gripping his hand tightly to my chest. "I need you," I say. "I need you." Something inside of him, a memory of our night on the beach maybe, flashes in his eyes and he clings to me with both arms. "Shh," he whispers in my ear. "I'm here. I'm here now, Katniss," Peeta says. "I'm here." "Are you?" I ask into his chest then search his face for my answer to find his blue eyes shining back at me through the dark. "Is it really you?" The second half of that question, "or is it Snow's version of you?" went unasked. "I hope so," he answers in a breathy quiver. "I'm trying so hard, Katniss." "I know," I keep my voice low and force it to be calm. Our eyes meet once again, and I can see the clouds in his fading away revealing an almost crystal clear ocean hidden behind. When his hand cups the back of my head and presses me close to him, I know that my Peeta has conquered Snow's, and I don't want to waste a minute of time I have with him. I wrap my arms around his torso and one of my legs around his upper thighs. Using the heel of my foot, I pull him as close to me as possible and listen to him as he almost coos, "It was just a bad dream. It's over now. It's over." We both know it's not over. That it may never be over, but I do what I had set out to: I tell him about my nightmare in search for comfort. "He had you," I say. "Snow. He made me watch your torture and I couldn't stop it. I tried, but I...I—" The images of Peeta's body convulsing and blood pouring from his tear ducts has me chocking out a sob and I'm unable to finish relaying my dream to him. Peeta's fingers dig into the back of my head and he presses his lips hard against my brow. His throaty, "It was just a bad dream," followed by him dragging his lips across my own instantly pulls me from the horrors of my nightmare and sends me back in time. I am in a cave…on a beach, and Peeta's kisses make me yearn for more. My fingers delve into his hair as I pull him closer to me and I am quickly lost in the feel of his lips against mine and the sensations that are stirring in my body. I have to wonder how I've gone so long without his kiss. His hands are strong and unyielding as one sweeps up and down the side of my body and the other turns my head so my mouth is more accommodating. He rips his lips away from mine and murmurs hoarsely in my ear, "My God, I've missed you," then his open mouth finds my own and I know that this is what I had imagined our reunion would have been like had he not been hijacked. I want to tell him that I was a pitiful excuse for a human being while he was Snow's prisoner, but my words are stuck in my throat and all that comes out is, "Me t…" which ends on a mewling sound. Peeta whispers, "Shh. I know. Shh," between our mouths to both console and quiet me. For a moment I forget that we are not alone in this room, that there are others who lay only a couple of yards away from us. I should protest when his hand travels down my body and skims the swell of my breast, but I pull the fur blanket over our heads instead. Without thinking I choose to hide our long awaited reunion now coupled with an insatiable desire which is all consuming. The air beneath the fur is hot and thick. Our lips are swollen and slick. My head falls backwards when I feel Peeta's palm cupping my breast. I let out a low moan then bite my lip when he says with a hint of humor, "I'm glad you're not crying anymore," and I know without a doubt, even if it's just for a moment, I have not lost him completely. The boy with the bread is still here and he is looking into the eyes of the girl that can make the birds fall silent. Our faces