74th Hunger Games Challenge: We Always Were By: Jamie Sommers Synopsis: A retelling of The Hunger Games with Katniss and Peeta as a couple. Written in third person so that everyone's perspective can be given. In multiple houses across District 12 children woke up in tears, screaming for someone to hold them. A sibling may comfort them. A mother. A father. But in three homes there are no screams. Only silence and fear. For eighteen year old Gale Hawthorne, this is his final year his name will be put into the reaping bowl, but with the amount of times his name had been entered, there is a very good chance that his last year will be the one that he's chosen to fight to the death for the Capitol's amusement. Peeta Mellark, 16, is only entered a handful of times, but a handful is still an uncomfortable amount as far as he's concerned. And Katniss Everdeen, 16, is entered too many times for both Gale and Peeta's liking. Fortunately her sister Prim is only entered once. And out of thousands of names, one is a very good thing. The reaping started over seventy years ago after the Dark Days. The thirteen districts rebelled against the Capitol and lost the war when District 13 was destroyed leaving the country of Panem with only twelve districts for the Capitol to rule over. Each one with a specific task, Twelve's being coalmining, and all of them had to follow the strict laws the Capitol set in place. The most horrific of them was the yearly reaping in which every boy and girl from the age of 12 to 18 had their named entered into a lottery of sorts. The "winners" would then represent their district in the yearly Hunger Games where they would battle to the death until only one remained. As Gale sat in the dark bedroom he shared with his brothers, he looked out the window, waiting for the clock to say 4:00am then decided that 3:26 was close enough. He reasoned with himself, thinking, 'it's a safe enough time to head out to the woods.' With all of the security their district would be flooded with that day he was a bit more cautious about heading into the woods, but in District 12, the forbidden woods were a source of food and it was either break the law and go into the forest, or starve to death in the safety of your own home. Since the Peacekeepers around 12 had no desire to starve either they tended to look the other way on most days, but a day like today was much riskier. It didn't matter though. Gale knew he'd brave the chance of getting caught. Being shot in the head was a hell of a lot better than being tortured in the Games, and with today being his final reaping day, he was fairly sure the odds were against him. Though Gale knew his best friend, Katniss wouldn't be meeting him until a little later in the morning he was more than happy to take a short trip into the woods on his own. 'Maybe I can catch a squirrel and make a trade with the baker,' he thought to himself as he checked the fence for the electrical current that should have been flowing through it to keep poachers like him out. Finding it safe to enter, he stepped through, grabbed his hidden bow and arrow, and went on the hunt. … … …. ….. ….. The sound of Katniss's name being called during the reaping caused the hairs on the back of Peeta's neck to stand, putting an end to his good night's sleep. "Katnisssss Everdeeeeeen." He shot straight up in bed, flattening the palm of his hand against his rapidly beating heart. 'No. That can't happen. They can't call her,' he silently told himself, but he knew they could and with the amount of times her name was in that reaping bowl…there was a very good chance that her name would be called. Katniss, like so many other poor families, had chosen to enter her name more than once in order to receive the tesserae. Every child had to enter their name once on their twelfth birthday, but you also had the option to enter it for each member of your family, including yourself, in order to receive extra grain and oil. Since the entries for the reaping were cumulative, and Katniss had done this each year since the age of twelve, by Peeta's calculations her mane was entered twenty times that day It was only 4:30 in the morning, which was late by baker's standards, but on reaping day his parents allowed Peeta and his brothers to sleep in. Peeta had two older siblings. One was too old for the reaping, and the other would be going through his last later in the day. Hopefully the odds would be in his favor and he wouldn't be called. Though there were no cakes to be made that morning, Peeta chose to wake up anyway. It was much more preferable than falling asleep and watching Katniss being ushered to her death. "Morning, Dad." "Morning, son. Couldn't sleep?" "Not really." His father took out an empty cup and poured Peeta some tea without asking. "Your mother's still in bed. The dough is rising." That was all that needed to be said. His father was never much for words. Peeta waited for his tea before getting to work in the bakery's kitchen and made certain to be as quiet as possible so as not to wake his mother. His goal was to have a somewhat peaceful morning, which was working out quite nicely, until a knock on their backdoor came. The sight of Gale Hawthorne lit Peeta's face up. 'Maybe Katniss is with him,' he hoped. "Morning, Gale." Peeta's father spoke. "Morning, Mr. Mellark." Gale stood a few feet away from the door. "How are you doing today?" "Fine sir. I uh…" "Bring something for me?" "Yes sir." Gale held out a squirrel by its tail. "Well that's a fine one. Hold on a second." Peeta's father turned to him and said, "Peeta, grab me one of those fresh loaves there, will you?" Peeta raced to the baking rack that held the fresh buns and handed his father a steaming loaf then stood to the side to watch them finish their trade. "Here you go." They made the swap. "Good luck today, Gale." "Thank you." Peeta kept looking out the door to see if Katniss was with him, but he couldn't tell. "She wasn't there," Peeta's father said as he closed the door. "What?" Peeta's father turned to him and said, "Katniss. She wasn't with him." The heat of Peeta's blush crept up his cheeks. "Oh." His father decided to give him a break and switched topics. "You're still going to make those deliveries for me later?" Peeta's eyes lit up as he said, "Absolutely!" Peeta's dad had asked him to bring the Peacekeepers some bread later in the day. Normally he'd do it himself, but for some reason, Peeta got to do it that day. It was an excuse to escape the bakery and he didn't question it. ….. ….. ….. ….. ….. Katniss didn't hear her sister Prim wake up and crawl into bed with her mother, but she felt the emptiness shortly after her sister left her side. She felt the cool mattress and got up to check on her. Seeing her mother and sister curled together in sleep, provided her with a false sense of security. Even though it was only for a second, she reveled in it. She had to for Prim's sake. She tried not to concentrate on the fact that it was Prim's first reaping that day. The thought of it made her stomach churn. 'The first of many,' Katniss thought as she turned away from the innocent scene in front of her and went to her room to change into her hunting clothes. 'I've got to get out of here,' she thought to herself. Making an escape, though brief as it would be, was a necessity that morning. There were too many people to worry about and nothing she could do to help them. Katniss walked along the fence that kept District 12 separated from the woods. It was supposed to be electrified twenty four hours a day, but they barely had electricity in their district. So if the fence was on a few hours a day that was a lot. Just in case, she held out her hand and listened for the familiar hum that signaled its power. It was off. She entered in a gap at the base of the fence, hidden by years of overgrown brush, closest to her house. Once inside she looked for her best friend, Gale. They had gotten to know each other over the worst of circumstances. Death. Both of their fathers had died in the same mine explosion five years earlier. Gale had to provide for his family of five and Katniss for her family of three. Too much responsibility for such young children, but so was fighting to the death in the Hunger Games. They met in the woods on accident. Katniss taught Gale how to use a bow and arrows. Gale taught her how to set snares. They showed one another their secret spots. Where to find berries. Where the lake was. How to fish. And eventually became close friends. Gale, a boy from the Seam, looked a lot like Katniss. They both had dark hair, olive skin, gray eyes. The difference was where Katniss was petite; Gale was built like an ox; standing over six feet tall and quite muscular. Katniss on the other hand was on the small side. Though she was strong from all of her hours spent hunting in the woods, she was still malnourished which gave her a slim frame. The morning was bright and sunny, but the significance of the day left a somber cloud of despair hanging over them. They spent a few hours gathering berries, fishing, and of course eating. "The baker gave me something today." Gale pulled out the fresh loaf of bread. At the sound of the word baker, Katniss' stomach fluttered. She wondered if Gale had seen Peeta. "Oh my God!" 'He had to have seen Peeta if he got that,' she thought to herself as she eyed up the fresh loaf of bread. Gale ripped it in half and said, "Can you believe he gave this to me for a squirrel? I think he was feeling a bit sentimental today." "Aren't we all?" The tone in her voice was disappointment. "Happy Hunger Games!" Gale called out in a false Capitol accent. Katniss matched the accent and followed up with, "And may the odds be ever in your favor." Gale tossed a blackberry into the air, which Katniss caught in her mouth and they chuckled together. What choice did they have? To sit and dwell on the day would do no one any good. They sat and talked for a bit. When Gale had mentioned running away together, Katniss laughed and pushed the thought out of his mind. Prim in the woods was a joke. When they were finished Gale said, "Should we head to the Hob first?" "Actually. Can I meet you there?" "Meet me there?" Gale had a quizzical look on his face. "Why would you meet me there? We can just go together." "I just need a few minutes alone, Gale," it was the only thing she could think of as an excuse. "Oh. Okay, Catnip. I guess. Want me to wait outside the fence for you?" "NO! No…just go ahead without me. Maybe you could…you can just go to the hob without me. Or Just start walking there and I'll meet you. I just want some time to myself, Gale. Geez!" She knew she was acting