Controlling Katniss By: Jamie Sommers Rated: M (NC/17) for seriously hot smut Synopsis: Set in District Twelve some time after the end of the rebellion. Katniss and Peeta have gotten married and are playing a little sex game. Written for Everlarkrec's Dirty December challenge. Week one: Dirty Words and Dirty Deeds. Please do not read this is you don't believe in healthy, fun loving, hot sex between two consensual adults. Katniss and Peeta do slip slightly OOC in this story, but for good reason. Read and ye shall see. Thank you to my beta A for his hard work and commitment, and mostly for just being my friend. And to L for taking the time to read and give me her unedited opinion. Controlling Katniss "This is stupid. I don't see why I have to tell him anything. It's none of his business anyway." Katniss really wasn't in the mood to fight with Peeta tonight. Especially about this. " I need you to tell him, Katniss." "Oh, so this has to do with your ego?" "NO!" Peeta had no clue how to make her understand how important this was to their marriage if it was to succeed. "Then what?" With a hand on her jutted hip she let out her frustration, "What the hell does this have to do with you and me?" "This has to do with us moving on with our lives." Peeta had never been the biggest fan of the man, and had no desire to put him in the middle of his and Katniss' life. The streak of jealousy he had developed over the years was not something he was proud of; however keeping their marriage a secret from him had seemed almost cruel. "Plus…he has the right to know." "Then you tell him we got married." Katniss was the one that insisted she and Peeta keep news of their wedding quiet. Very few people knew about it outside of District Twelve. "He's not in love with me." Peeta knew Katniss would never understand the affect she had on people. "He's not in love with me either." "Please tell me we're not going there again?" A loud sigh of exasperation was blown out before Peeta snapped. "Gale's been in love with you for years!" "He's not in love with me anymore." She crossed her arms over her chest in defiance. "Then why is he here? To visit Greasy Sae?" "To check on the new factory!" Haymitch had told Katniss that Gale was coming to town to see how the development of the medical supply factory was moving along. "BULLSHIT!" Swearing was a rare thing for Peeta, a sign of anger that started after the hijacking. To Katniss it was a just a reminder that Snow had stolen bits and pieces of the sweet boy she once knew. "I'm sick of this! I'm not going to stand here and fight with you about this anymore! If you want to tell him. Then tell him!" She stormed out of their house. She wasn't sure where she was going, but she knew she was getting the hell away from Peeta and this conversation. He quickly followed her out of the house and turned her by the arm. "Don't you run away from me! I'm not done talking to you about this yet!" "Well I'm done talking to you!" She tried to yank her arm away from him to no avail. "Let go of me," she said in a low growl. "No," he growled back. She stomped on his good foot and made her escape as he yelped. "Ow!" She ran around the side of the house, looking over her shoulder once to see if he was limping after her. To her surprise he was right behind her, grabbing at her upper arms. The next thing she knew he had pushed her against the wall. "GET OFF OF ME!" "MAKE ME!" He had her pinned against the siding of their house by her shoulders. "Peeta, if you don't let go of me, you'll be sorry," her voice was threatening, but her petite frame was no match for his physical strength. "Oh, and what are you going to do? Step on my foot again?" He taunted her. "You son of a bitch!" She spat as she struggled back and forth with him. "Keep your voice down, Katniss. You're going to wake up the whole village." "Good!" She stared him in the face. "Maybe someone will come and rescue me from the likes of you!" "I'm serious. Shut up!" He gave her a stern warning. "Make me!" She mocked him. He glared at her and she began taunting him. "What's wrong Peeta? Can't control me? Can't keep me quiet? It must really bug the hell out of you that you can't get me to do what you want! Well get used to it! You knew who I was when you claimed to have fallen in love with me…" Peeta smashed his lips hard against hers instantly silencing her. God how he loved it when she got this way. He had no clue why her temper had lit him up at times, but it stirred wondrous things inside of him. Most people got quickly irritated by Katniss' bouts of anger, but Peeta got turned on by her fiery temperament, and tonight his whole body felt like bursts of electricity were running through him as a result of it. Katniss began to fight him, but he had her body flattened against the side of the house, her wrists in a death hold and his lips firmly pressed against hers. She squirmed against him, trying her best not to surrender to the pressure of his mouth, concentrating on her rage…the fury she was feeling deep within, but that only added to the desire building in the center of her feminine core. Peeta flicked the tip of his tongue against her lips, but Katniss refused to part them for him. Their fight was now a thing of the past, and a new one was about to begin. One in which they would both win. "Open up your mouth," he demanded, wanting to kiss her properly. She shook her head, no, like a spoiled child. "I said, open up." There was a look of purpose in his eyes, but Katniss was not giving in. "Now," he ordered. Katniss squinted and gave her head one hard shake, refusing him entry to her lips. Peeta lifted her arms above her head, grasped both wrists in one of his hands and yanked on her braid, pulling her head back. "Damn it, Katniss. Don't make me take it from you." "As if you could," she clamped her mouth closed as soon as she got the words out. "That's it," he gritted his teeth. "You asked for it." He pulled her braid even harder causing her to let out a little yelp, he immediately plunged his tongue deep into her mouth and ground his hips into her. He heard her moan into his mouth and felt her body quiver as he moved himself against her. His kiss was demanding. He knew what he wanted, and he wasn't going to stop until she gave in. He wanted her to relinquish control. Not an easy thing for her to do, but when she did, it was more than satisfying for both of them. Katniss felt her legs begin to shake as Peeta forced his tongue between her lips. There was a battle going on inside of her mouth. She was pushing her tongue against his, forcing it out of her mouth and he was pushing back. The combination of his persistent kiss and the pressure of his erection against her stomach, holding her in place was more than thrilling, it was downright erotic. Peeta took her bottom lip between his teeth and held it there while flicking the tip of his tongue against it several times before releasing it. "Are you going to listen to me?" He asked with purpose. Their game had officially begun. "No," she glared at him. He slammed her wrists against the house, just hard enough to show her he meant business and asked her again, "Are you going to listen to me?" "NO!" There was fire in her eyes. He let go of her hair and grabbed her breast squeezing her nipple through her clothing, between his thumb and forefinger until she winced. "Yes you are." "N…no I'm not," she breathed out when she felt the pressure of his fingers causing a sharp thrill to shoot through her breast. He trailed his lips around the side of her cheek and rested them against her ear. "You're wearing a dress, Katniss." "So what?" "You think I don't know why you wear dresses?" "All my pants are dirty," she said with a hint of defiance in her tone. "Bull," he flicked his tongue against her earlobe. "You only wear a dress when you want me to do this…" he let go of her breast bending slightly down letting his hand find its way under the skirt and up the hem of the dress. He ran his palm up her inner thigh, letting it rest dangerously close to the spot that was radiating an enormous amount of heat. "My, Katniss…why so hot down there?" He grinned against her skin. "Did you wear a dress so I could do this to you?" It provided much easier access than pants did. "No," she stared off into the distance hoping he wouldn't see through her fabrication, knowing that he most certainly would. He pulled back and gazed into her eyes. "You're such a bad liar, Katniss." He pulled his hand out from under her clothes. "Tell me the truth," he breathed the words against her lips and pressed himself against her. It was time to do what he did best, use his words to make her bend to his whim. "Did you wear this because you want me to run my hand beneath your panties…" he stuck the tip of his finger between the elastic of the garment, and her leg, "…to slip my fingers inside of you…" he trailed his fingertip back and forth beneath the elastic band, making sure not to touch her where she wanted him to, "…to glide my tongue between your folds and lick you until you scream?" "N…n…no?" Her trembling voice was betraying her. "N…n…no?" Peeta mimicked her and let out an evil chuckle. "You have one last chance to tell me the truth," his voice grew angry as he gripped her jaw making her look him square in the eyes. "Why did you wear a dress today?" He waited and still she said nothing. "Tell me the truth, Katniss or I'll leave you here like this!" He demanded her to obey him. A flash of panic shot through her eyes. The thought of Peeta walking away and leaving her hot and bothered drove her insane, and he knew it. She hated it when he read her so easily and loved it at the same time. She had to tell him or she'd be left to take care of herself, and Peeta knew she never did that…it was humiliating so she took several shaky, deep breaths and answered, "I wore it for you. So you could…" she let the implication hang in the air between them. "So I could what? " He pulled away from her, taking a tiny step back, "Tell me what you thought about when you put that dress on this morning." She had no idea why saying it out loud bugged the hell out of her, but it did. Temptation to push him away and tell him to go to hell entered her mind for a brief second, until she glanced down and saw the huge bulge in Peeta's pants. She swallowed the lump in her throat and told him what he wanted to hear. "I wore it so you could…touch me." "Aaaaand," Peeta urged