Mockingjay: Broken Wings Outtakes By: Jamie Sommers Chapter One: Pay Up! DO NOT READ IF YOU ARE NOT 18! If you do not believe that K/P had a healthy, loving sexual relationship...DON'T READ! LEMONS PEOPLE! (SEX...hot steamy SEX!) This story goes hand in hand with Mockingjay: Broken Wings, and shows you some of the moments that occur between K/P that I couldn't include due to the graphic content. This chapter relates to the prologue in which K/P made a trip into the woods. It's a...prequel of sorts to CF:RO as you will read about moments prior to them entering the Quell, but it will also have chapters based on them after Peeta gets to Thirteen. Thanks to A, my beta who never lets me down. You're AMAZING! I bombarded A with a combination of four chapters this week, and he didn't bat an eye. If you want to find out what's going on with my stories, please follow me on tumblr at: jamiesommers23 dot tumblr dot com. And now, the first chapter of... Mockingjay: Broken Wings Outtakes The tiny neighborhood known as Victor's Village in District Twelve was quiet in the early morning light, a striking contrast to the rest of the district which was bustling with shop owners preparing to open for business, children doing chores before they got ready for school, and miners walking to and from the coalmine. The window Katniss and Peeta had left cracked open when they left early that morning for the woods was a welcomed sight. All Katniss wanted to do was head up the stairs and go straight to sleep. "Where do you think you're going?" Peeta asked Katniss as she walked up the stairs leading to their bedroom. "Back to bed," she answered without bothering to look at him. "You woke me up at two in the morning and I'm tired. I want to go back to sleep." "Yeah," he called out to her from the bottom of the staircase, "I believe I won a bet this morning and you're supposed to do what I want." She froze before setting her foot on the top step. Peeta bit back his grin, "without arguing," he added knowing that that comment alone would probably bring one on. Katniss slowly turned to face him. "Are you seriously going to hold me to that bet?" The terms of the bet were simple. The first person to cave in and touch the other in an intimate manner lost. Katniss kissed Peeta, at his request, but she was still the one that made the first move. She took each step leading towards her husband, who wore a cocky grin, at a leisurely pace trying to decide if she was going to play along or make him regret it. 'He does look awfully cute standing there,' she thought to herself. His hair was slightly disheveled, his cheeks held a rosy glow from their brisk walk through the village, and she couldn't deny that the Career training he had been putting them through had provided him with a striking physique. "Okay, Peeta," she made her way back down the stairs, stood on the step above him and leaned her arms on his shoulders. "What's the first thing you want me to do?" She used her best seductive voice hoping to lure him into the bedroom. "Hmmm," he ran a hand over her rump. "You did leave those pretty undergarments in the woods," a flimsy top and bottom Cinna had designed for her to wear after they were married. Katniss had left them behind that morning after they made love under a cluster of willow trees. "Maybe you should go put some underwear on Katniss?" Peeta gave her bottom a playful smack. "This kitchen really needs to be cleaned and I'm not much in the mood for cleaning." Katniss stood there with her jaw dropped as Peeta headed into their living room. "You want me to...clean the kitchen?" "In your underwear," he called out to her. "Ooooh," she grit her teeth. "You...argh!" Katniss stormed up the stairs, pounding her feet against each one and started the day from hell. "I cannot believe I'm agreeing to this," she was talking to herself at a ridiculously rapid rate. "You should be the one doing things for me. You asked me to kiss you..." she stopped throwing her clothes on the ground when she realized, 'Yes and then you kissed him . You lost the bet.' "Damn it!" She threw her boot across the room. Losing was not one of her favorite things to do. "That kitchen isn't going to clean itself Katniss!" She heard Peeta calling up to her with laughter in his voice. "Hmmm," Katniss pulled out some basic undergarments giving them a quick examination, then tossed them to the side and opted to search through the boxes of lingerie that Cinna had created for her to wear during her honeymoon with Peeta. "Oh," she whispered to herself, "this is perfect." Katniss pulled out a miniscule red lace bra and a pair of very tiny underwear to match. 'Two can play this game, Mellark. Let's see how long you're able to watch me clean while I'm wearing this,' and headed back into the kitchen with her hair done in two braids, a flash from the past that always got his blood pumping. "Where should I start?" She asked as he poured himself a cup of tea. "You want some..." Peeta couldn't believe his eyes. He had never seen Katniss walk around their house showing so much skin before. The red lace bra had her breasts pushed up and barely covered them. The bottoms looked like a swatch of red lace held together with strings, and when she turned around... "Um...so..." he swallowed, "You're going to wear that to clean?" Sexy was not something she was particularly good at, but she tried her best as she slowly made her way towards him, ran a couple of fingers up his chest and said, "Well, you did say underwear." "Yeah, but," Peeta glanced down then back up, "Katniss your entire butt is sticking out of this thing." She turned around, her back facing him and looked over her shoulder. "That's not going to distract you from anything important, is it?" Peeta knew what she was up to, and now she was going to pay. He playfully slapped a bare cheek and said, "Nope. I was going to paint anyway." As he walked from the kitchen towards the stairs he called to her, "Make sure you do a good job on that oven. You really burned the hell out of it with that fire last night." "Wha..." Katniss' jaw hit the ground. She was certain he'd be all over her after seeing her dressed, or undressed, but Peeta blew it off like her being scantily clad did nothing for him. "Forget it," she brushed past him on the staircase leading up to their room. "Where do you think you're going?" He asked her as he admired the way her rump moved with each step she took. "To change! I'm not cleaning in this thing!" "Sorry," he headed down the hallway towards the spare bedroom he used as an art studio. "You're the one that put those on, now you're going to have to suffer the consequences." Katniss stood at one end of the hall with a hand on her hip. "Peeta if you make me clean in this..." "Tell you what," he was willing to put the whole bet to rest considering how incredible she looked, "why don't we make another bet? If you can make it five minutes without complaining about having to clean, I'll let the whole thing go. If not, you've got to wear that to clean the kitchen." In a way he was hoping he'd lose. "Deal!" "Deal," Peeta grinned at her. "When you're done with the kitchen there's some laundry that needs to be folded and put away." "You think I'm doing laundry? Oh, there is no way on earth..." Katniss' hand clapped over her mouth. "Wow! That's got to be a new record," Peeta laughed. "I gave you five minutes and it took you five seconds." Katniss scrunched her face and said, "Oh...bite me!" "Later," he said over his shoulder as he stepped into his makeshift studio. He had stopped himself from letting her out of the bet too many times over the course of the morning, and then she'd bend over and wipe out the oven while he stole a peek from upstairs and his blood would start to pump, his heart would race, and Peeta wondered how long she'd put up with his antics. He was ready to let it all go when he saw her putting away their folded laundry, reminding himself to refold it when she wasn't around, and saw her stomping her frustrations across the kitchen with a handful of kitchen towels. "Hey, look who's here," Peeta reached out and ran a hand over Buttercup's fur. He was just about to lift the cat up and tell Katniss the animal wasn't so bad and she should give him a chance, but then she asked. "How the hell did that thing get it?" Katniss glared at it and the cat hissed. "Yeah, well...I hate you right back." "Wow, you two really need to work through these issues," Peeta gave the cat another scratch and said, "Go home, Buttercup. Katniss is grouchy." "Grouchy?" The few towels she had in her hands were tossed aside. "I am not grouchy, and why the hell is that cat listening to you?" She watched as Buttercup stood at their front door waiting to be released from their dwelling. "You've got to be kidding me." Katniss stood back as Peeta opened the front door and the cat left their home like it had been an invited guest. "That thing is spooky." "He's smart. Ugly as sin, but smart as a whip." Peeta turned the lock on the door. The sight of Katniss standing there, a smudge of grime on her forehead, the tops of her breasts bulging out of the red lace bra, the see through lace triangle that barely hid a thing, had finally been his undoing. "Katniss," he said in a low and seductive voice. "I think you're done with your chores for the day." "It's about time," she complained. She had spent the better part of the morning trying her best to get him to come out of his hiding spot and rescue her from the domestic nightmare she was going through. She had bent over when she felt his eyes staring at her, given herself several long stretches, pushing her breasts out of the top of her bra and still, he did nothing. The only thing getting her through the cleaning process was imagining Peeta using his new found power in an enticing manner instead of torturing her with housework. "You've got soot on your head," Peeta grabbed a towel and wiped it off of her brow then placed a kiss there. "Much better," he breathed into her ear. "I hope you're not thinking you can just waltz over here and have your way with me," Katniss stood with her hand on her hip, hoping that's exactly what he was thinking. "That bet to tell me what to do will only take you so far." Peeta gave her a little nod and said, "Yup." he flicked his tongue against her earlobe, "I know." He brushed his open lips against her neck then back up to her ear. "Kiss me, Katniss." 'You did lose a bet,' she told herself as she latched onto his lips. The feeling of his hands skimming down her backside had her delving into his mouth for more. Her body was lifted off of the floor, her toes dangling in the air, as Peeta set her on their kitchen table. "What are you doing?" Her eyes flew open as he ran the flat of