Hey, I'm princess-snow and this is m very first twilight fanfic, I'm going to be honest, I'm not sure about any pairings at the moment alothough I am open to suggestions. please excuse any errors you may or may not come across. Disclaimer: I do not own twilight nor will I ever. Anyways I hope you like it, this has just been sitting on my labtop so I figured I'd post it and see if people like it. Reviews are encouraged! Thank you! Forks. Who name's a town Forks? Who, I will never know. What I do know is that I have to move to this small little town in Washington with my sister Bella, to live with my father Charlie, the police chief, oh boy this could not be good. Right now I was on the flight to Forks, with my sister drooling all on my shoulder. Bella's my twin we're not identical though, she as brown wavy hair that stop a little below her shoulders and big brown eyes, with a slight round and pale innocent face. Where I had a more angular face with big sky blue eyes, and curly brown hair that went down to my waist. Bella has no fashion sense; it's all jeans, sneakers and t-shirts. Unlike yours truly. I actually cared about my clothes; right now I was wearing black skinny jeans with a white tank and sky blue zip-up hoodie and sky blue uggs. And well Bella…she was wearing her usual. I know it doesn't sound like I'm really dressed up or anything but, I'm on a plane And 2. It's my bum day, unfortunately for Bella it seems like every day is her bum day. I had even did my sisterly duty and tried to take her shopping once, but she was stubborn and I was not going to deal with it. She even went as far as to tell me, I have no since of style! When I've had enough of her drooling on me I decided to wake the little drool monster up. "Bella...BELLA!" She made some weird noise through her nose and picked her head up of my shoulder. Finally… God, she looked awful. I should probably tell her she's got drool on her chin, eh I'll do it later. "We're almost there." "OH ." She looked wide awake now she may have hated Forks. But she still wanted to see Charlie, he was still our father. I really didn't mind the rain and cold, but I still didn't love it. I love La Push, for two reasons, There's a beach. Beach + me = a date with the sun in my bikini. And 2. It wasn't all dark and gloomy over there. When the plane landed, we got our stuff and started to look for our dad. We found him by his cruiser, I ran up and hugged him and he embraced me like a long lost lover. I was after all his little princess. When Bella hugged him he stiffened and gave her a few awkward pats on her back. My dad, I thought shaking my head he was never going to change, I pulled back and started to put our stuff in the trunk I only had two suitcase's since I had already shipped my other clothes here earlier. Bella had only one. I knew one thing for sure I was going shopping first chance I get. Oh, I almost forgot. "Bella." I asked her. She turned to me with a confused look on her face. "Yes, Belle?" I inwardly laughed I thought she would know. I pointed to her chin, "You got a little drool on your chin." She looked shocked. HAHAHA. She's blushing, she instantly wiped her face. "Is it gone?" she asked me. "Yessss, Bella. Shot-gun!" I called. I was not going to sit behind the glass. The ride home was filled with awkward chit-chat and silence. When we got to the house, we got our stuff and Charlie lead us to our rooms. Mine was dark blue with Black and silver sheets. Dad always remembered my favorite colors. Bella's was purple she hated purple. As I was putting my stuff away, I heard a car pull up outside, so I went out to see who it was. Turns out it was Billy Black and Jacob." Oh my god, Hey Jake" He got tall over the years. When I say tall I mean 6ft amazon warrior tall. Jake turn around so fast he almost took me out. "Oh! Belle!" He engulfed me into a huge that could suffocate a bear." I missed you! " I think I was starting to turn Purple. "Jake...Can't...B-breath!" I choked out when I was hugging him back. "Oh...sorry" He apologized when putting me back on the ground. That's when I notice Bella in a beat up old Chevy, with an amused smile on her face. "What are you looking at?! " She just shook her at me. "So Jake, still crushing on my sister?" I asked him. He blushed bright red. AWWWW He's so cute. "N-no." he denied it. Ha, I knew for a fact he liked Bella. "Hey Jacob, we have to go home now." Billy called, Oh I forgot he was here. Jake helped Billy in the truck, and put the wheel chair in the back. "Bye Bella, Belle!" Jake and Billy called. "Bye." I called watching them drive away, Bella just waved. Cute. After dinner I went upstairs to get ready for bed. After a hot shower and brushing my teeth I got in bed, I was asleep before my head hit the pillow. Tomorrow, was my first day at Forks High. I know original name right. ~ Next Morning ~ "Bella hurry up!" I snapped. I didn't want to be too early to school but by the way Bella was moving we would miss half the day. I didn't even understand what was taking her so long, it's not like she doesn't wear the same outfit, she should have been waiting on me. I had on jeans white peeptoed slouch ankle boots, a navy blue dress shirt and a blue and white biker jacket. I tossed my curly hair into a messy bun before grabbing my blue scarf and pocket watch. Just as I was about to kick open her door she came out. Finally! "What?" She said with that stupid blank look that she gets on her face sometimes. "What do you mean what? What the hell Bella! We might be late because of you and you know I hate being late." "It not my fault you have OCD." "Being punctual is not an OCD moron." I huffed and walked downstairs shouting our goodbyes as I slammed the door. As soon as Bella got in the truck I put my ear buds in, I was still pissed and she knew it. Finding the school wasn't difficult though wed never been here before. In my opinion it looked like a collection of matching houses, built with maroon-colored bricked. There were so many trees and shrubs I couldn't even see its size at first. We found a park close to the school and hopped out. I raised my eyebrow at the kids that stared at us; they looked away and started whispers. "My first day at a new school, in the middle of the semester…great." She said dryly. "Oh come on, I'm sure the classes won't even be hard. Now come on, we can't be late." Bella rolled her eyes. "Says the nerd with OCD." I shot her a look. "I already told you. Taking AP classes does not make one a nerd. Not having a social life does. And for the hundredth time just because I like being punctual does not mean I have OCD. OCD is an anxiety disorder characterized by intrusive thoughts that produce uneasiness, apprehension, fear or worry, repetitive behaviors aimed at reducing the associated anxiety, or a combination of such obsessions and compulsions. Now if you'd like I could tell you certain symptoms." I glanced at my wrist watch. "But we need to be getting to the office so we can get to class." Bella shook her head at me but followed never the less. We walked down a little stone path lined with dark hedges. We took a breath before opening the door. Inside, it was brightly lit, and warmer than I hoped. The office was small; a little waiting area with padded folding chairs, orange-flecked commercial carpet, notices and awards cluttering the walls a big clock ticking loudly. I sighed as I continued to scan the room. Plants grew everywhere in large plastic pots, as if there wasn't enough greenery outside. The room was cut in half by a long counter, cluttered with wire baskets full of papers and brightly colored flyers taped to its front. There were three desks behind the counter one of which was manned by a large red-haired woman wearing glasses. The red haired woman looked up. "Can I help you?" I looked over to Bella who in return looked at the floor. Guess I was doing introductions. "Yes, I'm Arabelle Swan and this is my sister Isabella Swan." I informed her and saw the immediate awareness light her eyes. As was expected, we were a topic of gossip no doubt. Daughters of the chief's flighty ex-wife, come home at last. I watched as she dug through all the papers on her desk. I mentally scoffed. Maybe if her desk was organized she wouldn't have this problem. When she finally found it she looked up with an embarrassed smile. "I have your schedules right here, and maps of the school." She brought several sheets to the counter to show us. She went through our classes for us, highlighting the best route to each on the map. She smiled as she wished us luck. Since we only had P.E. and Biology together we had to part ways. I found my first class easily. There was a large black number three on the door. I took a deep breath donning my game face and walked through the door. The classroom was small. I told the teacher my name. He gawked at me and I blushed, not and encouraging response. He sent me to an empty desk at the back of the class. It was harder for my new classmates to stare at me but somehow they managed. I raised an eyebrow as I looked over the reading list the teacher had given me. I sighed with disappointment, Bronte, Shakespeare, Chaucer, Faulker. I'd already read everything. This class was going to be a complete waste of my time, I was going to be bored to death, and they called this AP English? I zoned out letting my mind wonder, thinking of the hot sun, warm sand, and cool ocean. When the bell rang effectively snapping me out of my daydream a lanky boy with skin problems and hair as black as oil slick leaned across the aisle to talk to me. "You're Arabelle Swan aren't you?" he looked like the overly helpful, chess club type. Not that I minded, I was captain of the chess club in Arizona. Beauty and brains. "Eh you can call me Belle." I said with a smile. Everyone within a three-seat radius turned to stare at me. "Where's your next class?" He asked a slight blush tainting his cheeks. "AP government, with Jefferson in building six." There was nowhere to look without meeting curious eyes, so I met them all with a curious look of my own. "I'm headed toward building four; I could show you the way. I'm Eric." He said. I smiled again. "Really? Thanks." As we walked I could have sworn several people behind us were walking close enough to eavesdrop… "So this is a lot different than Phoenix, huh?" He asked. I nodded with wide eyes. "Very, much so." "It doesn't rain much there, does it?" He