Chapter 1 Bella P.O.V. Irubbed my ever growin' belly a few more times before my handsome husband came and sat next to me "Hello, Bella. Rubbing your belly again, I see" he said in his velvety voice, soundin' amused. He was the only one who I allowed to call me Bella, because he was special. I could still remember the day we both met. I was just a short little nine year old girl going to the park and he a handsome ten year old boy. FLASHBACK My mother pulled and tugged on my hair, tryin' to untangle the brown mess on my head "Ow, momma. That hurt" I whined as she roughly pulled at a knot. She stopped combin' my hair to pull my head by it to make me look into her eyes "Now don't start complainin' to me, Isabella. I reckon you keep your trap shut or I'll spank your bottom red. You won't be able to sit for weeks. Now stop it. Do I make myself clear, Isabella?" I gulped and nodded "Yes ma'am" she continued to comb through my hair while givin' me the lecture of a lifetime "You shouldn't even be complainin' about me doin' your hair. You're lucky to have a mom that actually takes the time to untangle these vines on your small little head you call strands of hair. I'm already wastin' enough of my time doin' your hair and I expect to have you quiet through the process and just be happy about it instead of annoyin' the heck outta me" she finally put the damn comb down and pulled me by my arms to help me stand back up. I looked down at my feet as I walked away but she had grabbed me by the arm before I reached the door "Where're goin'? Get your butt back here and give me some respect. I know I raised a more mature and intelligent girl than that. Come back here and say Thank you" I took a few steps back but didn't turn around "Thank you, momma" she huffed "Not good enough but better. Be back before sunset. Not get" she patted my bottom to make me to leave faster. If I didn't know any better, I'd think she was tryin' to get rid of me. Once I reached the park, there wasn't really much to do there so I sat down. My ma had done my hair in two braids and I began to undo them. I liked my hair down, unlike many of the girls at my school. They all wanted to be beautiful young women and take after their mothers: learnin' how to cook and clean; do the dishes and mop the floors. I believed that women shouldn't be the only ones doin' the housework. We already had to do so much more. So men are strong…so what. Women can be just as strong…men just don't let them show how strong and reliable they really are. We already have to give birth; take care of the children; cook the meals; and work at our own jobs. Men should help at home. As I lost myself in my thoughts, I failed to notice the ball hurdlin' towards my head. It hit my forehead dead center and made me flip over backwards and off the bench. Once I regained my balance, I pulled myself to my knees and rubbed the growin' bump on my forehead when I heard someone making their way over "Oh…I'm so sorry. Them idiots don't know how to aim" I looked up to see two beautiful green eyes staring back at me. I lost focus and just stared at the beautiful creature before me. It seemed he was just as entranced but he soon snapped out of it "Sorry 'bout that. The name's Edward, Edward Mason" he reached out to take my hand and I took his, a slight shock runnin' up my arm and down my spine but it wasn't uncomfortable. We didn't pull away, instead he helped me up "I-I'm Isabella S-Swan" he smirked at my studderin' before bendin' down to pick the ball off the floor "Well…it was nice meeting you, Isabella. Or is it okay if I call you Bella" he smiled a crooked smile that took my breath away. I nodded "You can call me Bella if you like, I don't mind" his smile widened "Well then…I'll see you soon Bel–" "EDWARD…C'MON" he turned around and saw a boy starin' back at him with annoyance. He turned back to me and bit his lip "Gotta go, see you Bella" he smiled again before runnin' off to his friends. Once he reached his friends, I fainted. FLASHBACK ENDED I smiled at the memory before I was brought back to the present. I leaned into him and sighed "Yeah. I can't wait for these little guys to come out. I wish they'd just eject already" I threw my hands in the air for affect, lookin' like a crazed pregnant woman. He chuckled at my comment and hugged me from behind, pullin' me closer to his chest. I giggled along with him, I mean what I said was pretty darn funny. We just sat there in silence, not that it was an uncomfortable silence. It was truly relaxin'. He soon fell asleep beside me and I rested my head again his chest, listenin' to his calm heartbeat as I let myself get lost in my thoughts again. I remember the day that we decided that being best friends wasn't enough. It was September 13, 1915, and I was turnin' 13 that day. Edward had just entered high school, since he was 14…a year older than me. We had been friends for four years and we didn't think of ruinin' that friendship any time soon. He had taken me behind my house to a small pond and we sat with our feet in the water, just listenin' to the crickets and the birds chirpin'. FLASHBACK " Bella?" I heard my best friend's velvety voice call out to me. I turned around, my midnight blue dress twirlin' with my movement. What I saw took my breath away. My best friend and secret crush Edward Mason – who had let me call him Eddie since he was allowed to call me Bella – in a black, old-fashioned suit with a tail and bow-tie around his neck. His bright green eyes lookin' at me with nervousness and adoration. I smiled "Yes Edward?" He bit his lip and I noticed his cheeks slightly blush as he suddenly became interested in his black dress shoes. I walked up to him and raised his chin so he could look me in the eyes – not by that much, since he was about 5'10" and I was my short 5'4". He looked back into mine and stuttered "I-I have s-something to s-show you" he stuffed his hands in his pockets. I shook my head and smiled "Well…then show me then" he looked back into my eyes but I noticed that his now showed confidence. One of his hands slid out of his pockets and took my pale slender hand that looked so fragile when in his, feelin' the familiar shock that we had gotten used to through the years but never failed to notice. He pulled me along to the back door of my house "Follow me" his angelistic voice whispered and I happily complied. He opened the screen door, lettin' the blarin' music from my party out to the wild for everyone to hear, and pulled me along into the woods. I was beginnin' to become nervous but slowly calmed down when I remembered that I was with Edward and that he would never let anything happen to me. The trees began to thin out as we walked by and no later did I find out what Edward had wanted to show me. In front of me was a pond that looked big enough for over twenty people to swim in, not that I wanted any one to be here and ruin the moment. He continued to pull me along until we reached the edge of the pond. He sat down and pulled his shoes and socks off, slowly dippin' his feet into the calm lookin' water "Sit" he offered. I blushed as I slipped out of my heels and sat down next to him on the ground. I didn't care if my dress got ruined, I never liked wearin' dresses and I still don't. I dipped my feet into the water and instantly felt a shiver crawl down my spine. This water was surprisingly cold. I leaned forward and rested my hands on my knees "This place looks so amazin'. How'd you find it?" I looked up to Edward for his answer. He sighed and looked up into the sky, starin' up at the stars "My Aunt Eloise had come to visit my mom, her sister, last month. She was always the one to tell my mom that every choice she had made was a mistake. My mom, Elisabeth, was always kind and listened to her sister's rants and complaints. She listened but she never acknowledged them. She would listen to every word her sister said, but by the end of every list of Aunt Eloise's complaints, my mother would kindly say that she was wrong and that her life had turned out better than she had hoped" he sighed. I was confused "What does that have to do with how you found this place?" he smiled and patted my shoulder "Hold your horses, Bella. I was getting there" I giggled and mumbled a soft sorry. " Well…like I was saying. My Aunt Eloise came to visit last month, and was giving my mom another lecture. This time my father was there and he had lost his temper. He stood up to my aunt and told her that if my mother believed that her life was perfect, then her life was perfect. My aunt countered back, saying that her sister's life wasn't perfect because her 14 year old son had ruined it for her. That if she hadn't had a son, then she would have had a better education and a richer husband. " My father had lost control after that, screaming that 'Junior'…" he added air quotes. Since his father was also named Edward, my friend Edward was a junior. But no one called him that but his and my parents. I was the only one who called him EJ, Edward Junior "…as he calls me, wasn't to blame for anything. That I was a good boy and a great son. I had overheard from my room and ran out the back door; I couldn't hear another word since I was the reason for their arguing this time. I was going to come over to your house to maybe talk for a bit, play a game of catch, but decided not to bother you. I walked out to the forest and found it here just waiting to be discovered" I looked into his eyes to see that tears were formin'. I had to cheer him up "Well...whether you found this place because you were runnin' from a bad memory or you just wanted to find a place to go for a swim...you found it and I think this place is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. Don't you a agree?" I turned to him to see his eyes lookin' back into my mine, love bein' the only emotion present. He leaned in, his face only inches away from mine "No...I don't agree. I believe there is something much more beautiful and amazing out there. And I believe that that thing, is the beautiful creature in front of me" I blushed, I know I was blushin'. I mean who wouldn't...Edward Mason just said I was beautiful. I leaned in an inch "What are you sayin', Edward?" he leaned