Hermione Plus One A/N: I have decided to start my story between books three and four. That way the kids are a bit older and therefore able to handle the things coming their way. Chapter: 1 Hmmmm… It was the last day of school for Harry and his two best friends, Hermione and Ron. Hermione had just finished packing her things and was about to meet with Harry to discuss what to do about Sirius. When a beautiful snowy owl flew through the open window with a letter attached to her leg. "Good morning Hedwig" Hermione said pleasantly. Hedwig just stared waiting for her to remove the letter. Hermione did so and began to read. Hermione My wonderful daughter. I hope this letter finds you well. Even after three years your mum and I still can't get used to sending the post like this! Anyway your mum and I took a couple of months off of work so we could travel with you over the summer. Now I won't bore you with details as much as you might want me to. Where we are going is a surprise I know you will absolutely love. Anyways we will meet you at the station to pick you up. As usual. We will then head home so you can pack. Well got to go and pack ourselves. Give Harry and Ron our love. Hugs and kisses, Dad and Mum Hermione was floored. Her parents never did this kind of thing on a whim. Not to mention the money. Where did they get enough for a two month vacation from work plus travel expenses? The more she thought about it the more she got excited. Where could they possibly be going that her parents knew she was going to love it? She was thinking it had to do with books, or learning. Pulling herself out of her reverie, Hermione left the dorm to meet with Harry. Harry was sitting in the great hall waiting on Hermione and Ron to show. He nibbled at his food pondering everything that happened to him this year. Having a convicted mass murderer after him was one thing. Then later finding out this man was not only innocent but his godfather messed him up. He was ecstatic that he now had a real family member who cared for him deeply. Unlike the Dursleys, who despised his very existence. That his godfather was still on the run despite being innocent concerned him. He couldn't wait to talk strategy with his two very best friends to clear his godfathers' name. It was at that moment he looked up and saw Ron and Hermione walking toward him. They exchanged good mornings and quickly sat down to breakfast. Harry began to talk about Sirius and what they could do when the sound of Ron scarfing down food got to loud to hear anything else. They waited impatiently for him to finish so they could resume talking. When Ron was done Harry again started to talk about different ideas. "We could show our memories to the ministry to prove Pettigrew is still alive" Harry said thoughtfully. Hermione of course was quick to point out the flaws with this plan. "Harry we really can't do that. For two main reasons. First the amount of trouble we'd be in, we would be lucky to keep our wands." Hermione reasoned. "What's the other reason" Harry said. "I was just getting to that. Impatient much? Anyway the second reason is they don't allow memories of underage witches and wizards as evidence in trials anymore." Concluded Hermione. "Why?" the other two said at the same time. "Because the ministry found that the memories of the young can often be manipulated." Ron and Harry looked at each other then back at Hermione. Stuck searching for a new idea, Hermione decide to share the news with them. "Before I came down I received a letter from my mum and dad. They took two months off of work and we will be traveling." She searched her friends' faces for a reaction. "That's fantastic Hermione! You deserve it." Harry said with a big grin on his face. Ron however looked as if he was about to murder someone. While pleased with Harrys' reaction, she couldn't help but be confused by Ron. The only reason she could come up with for Ron's behavior was that he liked her as more than a friend. That thought sent a shudder down her spine. Hoping he didn't notice she focused on Harry. "Thank you Harry. It means a lot that YOU'RE at least being supportive" beamed Hermione. It was at that time Ron decided to speak up. He was devastated because he thought he would be able to spend some alone time with her at the burrow when she came to visit before the world cup. "What about the world cup? Are you even going to be back in time? My dad went through a bit of trouble securing your and Harrys' tickets. I don't want the ticket to go to waste." Ron finished in a huff. Hermione very plainly said "we should be back in time. In fact I'll make sure we are." Satisfied Ron turned his attention to Dean and Seamus to talk more about the world cup, he didn't notice the look Harry and Hermione shared. As the train stopped at platform 9 ¾ there was a mass exodus from the train. Hermione immediately spotted her parents and ran to them after finishing her goodbyes with Harry and Ron. "Well awesome daughter ready for some fun?" her dad joked. "Hello darling how was your year at school. Get into any more trouble?" her mum questioned with a smile on her face. "Of course awesome daddy. Mum it was great and we don't get into trouble. It somehow finds us! May I ask where we will be going?" Her parents laughed at that last remark. "Nope, we're not telling until we get to the airport." Her dad Dan said in an amused tone. Frustrated Hermione asked "well can you at least tell me where we got the money?" "Of course dear, your father won money on the lottery. He won quite a sum of money. Show her the bank slip" Jean said looking from Hermione to Dan. Dan pulled out the slip and Hermione's eyebrows disappeared into her hair as she took in the amount. $500,965.00 was clearly printed under the deposit heading. "Also that's after we paid our taxes and received a lump sum. It really was a stroke of luck, I wasn't even going to buy it but at the last minute…" Dan explained laughing at her expression. At that they left the station and got in the car headed home. Bags packed and waiting at the foot of the stairs for her parents, Hermione mused to herself that this was so surreal. We're actually traveling for two months! I can't believe it. One of her many dreams had been to travel the world. Now it seems like it is actually happening. Her mum and dad came down the stairs and everyone loaded their luggage into the waiting taxi. They arrived at the airport in time for the flight. Hermione curiosity no longer being contained turned sharply and said in a near shout, "Now can you tell me where it is we are going?" her mom looked at her and nodded. "We are starting our trip in America! We'll go to Washington D.C. and check out the Library of Congress and tour the White House. Then we'll head to New York City to see the sights there and maybe take in a Broadway play. Damn Yankees is playing. We will then go to Phoenix Arizona to see the magical community there. According to Professor Mcgonagle they have a very open mind where muggles are concerned. They still maintain secrecy but are friendly and accepting to muggle-borns and their parents." Jean paused to gauge Hermione's reaction. Hermione got more and more exited as her mom continued. "We'll finish our American tour in Los Angles, seeing the sights. After America is our Japan tour. Where we will finish in Tokyo." Jean finished going over the extensive itinerary. Hermione squealed with joy. The White House and The Library of Congress thrilled her. As did the Broadway play. However it was the magical community in Phoenix that held her interest the most. A whole society that would not only accept her but her parents as well. She couldn't wait for that part. After the weeks they spent in D.C. and New York they finally arrived in Phoenix. After getting off the plane Jean pulled out the letter from Minerva explaining what to do. They walked outside and down the sidewalk to the shuttle area. At that time Hermione flung out her wand arm and a weird looking short bus appeared out of nowhere. Hermione explained to the driver where they wanted to go and that her parents were muggles and they couldn't see the bus. He smiled assured her it was fine handing her two bracelets that negated all anti-muggle charms and wards. The driver also explained that muggle money and cards were accepted as well as wizarding money. Dan and Jean slipped on the bracelets Hermione handed them. Dan reached into his wallet and gave the driver the money for the ride and the bracelets. The bus soon sped off heading to the magical community of Mesa. A couple of stops later the bus arrived at their stop. Once off the bus their senses were assaulted with the heat and noise and the colors. Each of the trio were smart enough to wear shorts and thin t-shirts. They saw shop after shop each advertising something different. The one with a cauldron on it sporting moving posters of different American potions masters. Hermione kept looking this way and that way trying to capture it all at once. She led her parents to the big building shaped like a teepee that appeared to be the bank. A few minutes later with enough money converted into galleons they set off in search of an Inn. Once at the Inn simply called Cactus Inn, she enquired about rooms. She opted for two small rooms in order to give her parents some privacy. After all they shared rooms in the other cities cutting down the amount of time they could get romantic. Jean and Dan appreciated the gesture their daughter made and quickly accepted. Hermione left her parents to their own devices and set off to explore this great place. Stopping at a stand adverting the coldest drinks in town, she quickly bought a cup of iced tea. The vendor told her that for an extra galleon the drink would refill automatically each time it was emptied. This would last her the rest of the day so she paid. Standing and looking around she saw an owl post office. She headed there to write Harry and Ron. As she left the post office she wandered around for a couple of hours drinking in the sites. Spotting a big book store she made a bee line straight for it. She walked in and instantly felt like she was in heaven. The nice cool air and millions of books on thousands of shelves. The shelves never stayed in one place long, constantly moving. Walking up to a clerk she asked about the moving shelves. The library at Hogwarts never did this nor did Flourish and Blotts of Diagon Alley. Smiling the clerk said "it's to keep the dust from settling on the books. Also it's cool to watch." Hermione understood the reasons immediately. Noting it would be time consuming to clean the books, even with magic, and it did look cool. "Well how do I browse?" she questioned. The clerk obviously noticing her British accent didn't comment on it. Instead she walked her over to a large book at one end of the