Hey everyone, deadman1000 here with my first Harry Potter story. Now first off no Harmony or Harry/Ginny. For those who are new or have never read Harry Potter fanfiction, Harmony is Harry/Hermione. In this story we have Harry who will be Harry Johnson, yes I know it's hillarious. Joking aside, I felt that Harry needed to be paired up with someone different for once, so I went with Angelina Johnson. In this story, Harry is the son of Cassie Johnson, who is Angelina's mother, but never officially adopts Harry in case those two fell in love. Those of you who have read 'Lucky Harry' by Pyrgus, that's where the idea came from. I forgot the list of books that was what JK Rowling put in her story, I created what I felt that the first years would have. Now I have it planned in my head of Harry/Angelina/Katie/Alicia as the pairing. I also wanted to throw in Susan, Hannah, Fleur, Tonks, and maybe even professor Sinistra. So I hope that you guys like it and I hope you enjoy. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Wish I did so I could have killed Ron in the fith book, Ginny in the seventh, and made Harry keep the wand and destroy Dumbledore's painting. Chapter 1: McGonagall Saves the Day Minerva McGonagall was not a happy person today. First her godson, James Potter and his wife Lily are killed by the dark lord Voldemort. Then she hears that Sirius Black is charged with murder of Peter Pettigrew, but if she remembered correctly Sirius was going to be Harry's godfather. That meant that Sirius could not harm Harry or his family or else he would die due to the magic of the Godfather Oath. Now here she was standing on Privet Drive waiting for Albus Too-Many-Names Dumbledore. Minerva always saw James as her son and now with Harry he was like her grandson. She wanted to pinch his little baby cheeks because he reminded her of a little baby James. When Dumbledore arrived he instantly took out the light using his deluminator and after a couple of minutes of waiting, Hagrid arrived on Sirius' flying motorbike with Harry. Dumbledore said Harry had to stay with his relatives to protect him from the dark lord's forces. Now the Deputy Headmistress of Hogwarts was not as stupid as Dumbledore saw her as. She knew that Dumbledore was leaving Harry with his relatives so that when whoever came to teach Harry about magic would paint Dumbledore in a positive light, probably Hagrid. She was going to make sure that Harry was safe even if she had to raise Harry herself. As she thought about it, she knew that Cassie Johnson had a baby girl a few years ago. If she could get in touch with her, she could take in Harry and raise him. Plus if she remember correctly, Cassie had a crush on James. Her first priority was to get Harry away from these people and safe. After Dumbledore and Hagrid wrap up their little goodbye to Harry and leave. Minerva stay behind to wrap up Harry and leave without leaving a trace. She copies Harry's magical signature to be left in case Dumbledore had instruments watching and making sure Harry was there at the house. Minerva arrives at her little summer cottage. She puts Harry down on the floor in his little basket and turns the fireplace on to help warm up the house. As Minerva leaves to go call Cassie, she notices something, when she grabbed Harry he didn't have his stuffed dog, but now it was there with him. Harry somehow summoned his stuffed animal from his house to him. Minerva fire calls Cassie after a few minutes and finding her address. She startles Cassie who was putting her daughter to sleep and saw her in the fireplace. "Cassie, sorry for bothering you, but I need you help. Earlier tonight, there was an attack. James and Lily Potter were killed. It was Voldemort who did it, but he had help from Pettigrew." Mcgonagall says to Cassie who was in shock from the news. "J-J-James and L-L-Lily are both dead? How? Why? What about Harry?" Cassie says with tears and sadness in her eyes and fear for Harry showing on her face. Minerva calms her down and manages to tell her that Harry was safe. She had him with her right now and was hoping if she could watch Harry for a few days while the news of the war and his parents death. She even tells Cassie that she will call Dorea and Charlus about their grandson. Cassie tells Minerva that she would love to watch Harry. She even talks about how it will be like her daughter Angelina has a baby brother for a few days. Minerva smiled and said she would be by in the next couple of days. They said goodbye and Minerva went to her grandson in all but blood. Minerva picked up Harry in his little basket and took him into her room. As she went to sleep, she placed Harry next to to her on the floor. She picked him up and placed him in the bed and let him sleep with her. The next morning, Minerva woke up and Harry wasn't next to her. She started to panic and went around the room looking for him. As she started to look in other parts of the house, she found him. He was playing with his dog. Minerva let out a sigh of relief and walked over to Harry who was giggling and having a good time. She picks up Harry and he begins babbling and giggling at Minerva who had a big smile on her face. She goes and grabs a bottle to feed Harry. It took a few tries, but she managed to finally get Harry to drink some milk. Harry gets cranky after eating, but that might be because his diaper needed to be changed. This is the one thing, that Minerva was not looking forward to since James was a real tyrant when it came to his diaper change. There were times when she always wondered if the reason why he was such a troublemaker was because he knew she wouldn't do anything about it or at least not punish him to hard. She dresses Harry in some warm clothes and prepares to take him to Cassie's house. She knows that with it being Saturday November 1st, she gets to spend today with Harry, but with NEWT courses review in her class she must be there. She will be spending her holidays with Harry, but with him having a family with Cassie. She knows that Harry will have an understanding of magic and will be able to shock everyone when he arrives. Minerva aparates to Cassie's house where she was feeding her baby girl Angelina. She knocks on the door and waits a few moments before Cassie opens the door ushering Minerva in. When Minerva grabs Harry gently from his basket and shows him to Cassie, she immediately notices that Cassie already like him. Minerva hands Harry over to Cassie who begins smiling and talking gently to Harry. Minerva smiles hugs baby Harry close to her one last time, before leaving back to Hogwarts. (10 years later-Hogwarts) It was ten years since Minerva had taken Harry from his relatives and placed him with his family. She saw him grow up with his step sister Angelina and her friends Katie Bell and Alicia Spinnet. Then the biggest shocker was when Cassie said she would adopt Harry, but would not officially adopt him just in case he and Angelina fell in love. Minerva was excited, because she was going to hand deliver Harry's Hogwarts letter. As she prepared to be off and deliver it, there was only one thing she did not count on: Rubeus Hagrid. She knew that Albus would send someone to Harry's house, but by sending him, Harry would see Dumbledore as someone he could rely on for help and put his trust in him. She was glad that it wasn't Severus or else he would probably paint Dumbledore in the worst light as well as try to steal her Harry. You see because both Lily and Severus were raised in the Mundane world, they decided to have Severus as one of Harry's godfathers, but in the muggle world. This meant that Severus could take Harry in if he didn't want to study magic. Minerva planned to intercept Hagrid and stop him from going to Harry. She loved Hagrid, but sometimes he was a complete idiot when it came to certain things. Hagrid was always good at simple charms, but he excelled at Transfiguration and Care for Magical Creatures. All she has to do is just get him to do Albus' work. Ah, now here comes her target now. Minerva walks over to Hagrid with great haste to get his attention. "Hagrid, a moment please." Minerva says having startled the giant man. "Oh sure professor McGonagall. What can I do fer yah?" Hagrid says with his traditional happy look on his face. Minerva sees this and wonders how he manages to remain happy every day. "I know that Albus is having you go and get Harry from his relatives house and introduce him to the wizarding world, but I was wondering if I could do it. I was James' godmother so in a way that makes Harry my grandson. I was hoping that I could be the one to go and introduce Harry to our world. Plus he might have questions about his family and why he is famous. So I'm asking, please let me take the letter to Harry and let me take him to get his things. Plus since I'm easier to blend into a crowd, no one will notice us." Minerva says to Hagrid, who had a thinking look on his face. "Yeh're right professor. Here's 'is key ma'am. I hope yeh have fun." Hagrid says while handing her Harry's vault key. Hagrid tells her that he is going to go and get started on what Dumbledore wanted him to do. McGonagall smiles and says goodbye to Hagrid before heading to her office and prepares to floo to Cassie's house and grab Harry along with Angelina to take them shopping for their school supplies. She grabs some floo powder and sends a call to let Cassie know that she is coming over now. She then double checks to make sure she has everything from the letter to the key. Once she is happy and satisfied, she grabs another handful of floor powder, throws it into the fire and heads to Cassie's home. As Minerva steps out of the fireplace, she sees Cassie welcoming was wondering where Harry and Angelina were, but she then hears laughing and screaming. "Harry get back here with that!" Angelina screams at Harry who was running with the diary he took from Angelina. "Ha ha you can't catch me Angie. I wonder if Katie and Alicia would like to know what dirty secrets you have in this diary." Harry says while dodging the incoming socks from Angelina. Minerva sighs and smiles that Harry was already bonding with his family. She was shocked because as soon as Harry saw her, he immediately dropped the diary and ran towards her. Angelina saw this and ran towards her too, forgetting her diary. Cassie laughed as she saw the two children run towards the Transfiguration professor and hugged her tight. Seeing the diary on the floor, she picks it up and reads a few of the dirty secrets Harry talked about. She reads one and immediately her mind is blow. She couldn't believe that at 13 she was already thinking about making sure only she, Katie, and Alicia were the girls who could be close to him. "So Aunt Minnie, what brings you here? You come to