Chapter One: Welcome to Forks I spent the plane ride from Phoenix, Arizona to Forks, Washington alternating between reading a novel and sleeping. When my plane lands, a sweet flight attendant wakes me up, and now I am sitting in Charlie's police cruiser, my bags in the trunk. I observe the dull grey sky contrasting with the vast green forests. It appears as though Forks is split exactly in half; the horizon is a steady line between tall emerald trees and a color hovering between darkness and light. Rain is imminent. I pull at the sleeve of my hooded parka with my fingers, and idly touch the ends of my brown hair. I had cut it to a medium length right before making the move. New school, new me - or so I had thought. But the town is feeling more familiar by the second - I had visited for many summers past, so it makes sense that I don't feel like a complete outsider at the moment. I lick my lips, tasting my typical cherry chapstick. Charlie tapped his fingers on the steering wheel, drawing my attention. We make nervous eye contact. It has been awhile since we have ever really communicated beyond me asking if I could come live with him, which means he is probably just as uneasy as I am to start a conversation, but he courageously takes a deep breath and speaks."So, are you excited for school?" I nod awkwardly, my head jerking a little too much. "Yeah, definitely," I say, licking my chapstick-y lips again. "I already talked to my counselor about transferring credits from h- Phoenix," I almost say 'home' instead, and internally I wince, but continue, "And there weren't any issues, so . . ." I trail off. "Well, that's good to hear." Charlie rescues me from myself. "Forks High School offers Advanced Placement classes too, but not IB." "That's ok," I already knew that because I had checked the school's website and emailed their AP Coordinator, but I don't have to tell Charlie that. "I never took IB classes at my old school." Because IB wasn't offered at my old school, either. "Great." he smiles. I'm sure he's happy to hear that my academics are not going to be negatively impacted by this move. "Yeah." I smile back and tuck my hair behind my ear. There had been one issue while transferring - mainly that gym is a requirement for all four years of high school in Forks instead of only the first two years like it was back in my old school, which meant that I had to drop a class. I had also been nervous that the classes I needed to be in were full already; that was a common problem in Phoenix, but the school administrator who I had talked to on the phone seemed surprised by my choice of schedule. I am taking three Advanced Placement classes: AP English Language, AP US History, and AP Chemistry, in addition to Trigonometry and Spanish. I chose to drop AP Psychology - it was the least necessary class. "Have you taken up any sports?" Charlie is doing his best to continue the conversation, and I do my best to appease him. "Kind of - I usually just stick with managing instead." "Really?" Charlie seems surprised that I have done anything relatively close to doing a sport. "Yup, I managed the girl's volleyball and boy's baseball teams every year. Hopefully if there's a spot open at Forks I can mange again." "Wow, I didn't know you did any of that stuff," He says, glancing out his driver's side mirror. I study what part of Charlie's face I can see and notice his guilt. "I haven't really told you about my extracurriculars, so you couldn't have known." I attempt to soothe him. It really is my fault, too. I can admit that I haven't been doing my best to keep in touch with Charlie these past few years. "Well, I should've asked you a long time ago." Charlie mutters regretfully. His shoulders heave and fall in a silent sigh of remorse. "Really, don't worry about it," I assure. "You can ask me and I'll tell you everything from now on." I force a smile, unsure of exactly how well I can stick to that promise, but I do vow to let Charlie know about my school life. He smiles genuinely, and reaches over to pat my hand that's resting in my lap. "I know." Later, I smile down from the window at my new truck that Charlie has given me. It might be considered a piece of junk from the outside, but I'm touched by Charlie's generosity and very grateful. I unpack slowly. My room is just as I remember it. I have a floral purple comforter, light turquoise walls, string lights hung up behind my bed and along the wall parallel to my large window, which is layered with matching white and purple gauzy curtains. I have an array of books and stationary along my my desk, dresser, and bedside table - all made of pine. A brown teddy bear lays on the floor next to my twin-sized bed. I lean to pick it up, glancing at my cork board, which is an assortment of old letters from Renee, pictures, and old report cards - straight A's except for a stubborn B in gym, which was a result of my own clumsiness. I carefully fold my clothes as I unpack, meticulously putting everything in its proper place. I decide to clear off my entire desk, since there are books and study guides I haven't used since my middle school days. It is replaced by SAT test prep books, notebooks, pencils, and other assorted bits of stationary. I brought very few non-school related books with me, and those I place upon a hanging bookshelf on the wall. My toiletries go in the bathroom where they belong, and I set my new car keys on the shelf next to a fake potted leafy plant. My room is now cleaned and organized, and I decide to study for my SATs to kill time. I manage this for about two hours before Charlie comes in to knock on my door. "You hungry?" he asks gruffly, glancing around my room. "Um, yeah, sure," I reply, setting my pencil in the test prep book to mark my place as I stand up to accompany Charlie into the kitchen. "Looks good," Charlie says approvingly. "It's clean." I'm sure he is surprised that a teenager is capable of being tidy. "Yeah, I don't like a lot of mess," I say in agreement. Changing the subject, I question, "What's for dinner?" He shifted awkwardly. "I have pasta." It looks like I would have to do some grocery shopping in the very near future. "Sounds great." I smile politely and stand to follow him into the kitchen. Pasta turns out to be microwavable fettuccini alfredo, and it's better than I expect it to be. Later, I shower and pick out my clothes for the coming school day, and I decide on rain boots, jeans, and a white blouse with pale pink flowers. Most of my clothes were not made for the dreary cold of Seattle, so I will have to go shopping soon. Then, I brush my teeth and slip into my pajamas. Before bed, I call out a goodnight to Charlie and unzip my backpack, where I put in a half used spiral notebook that had previously been for AP Psychology, a folder to hold papers, a couple of pencils, and an equally used planner from my old school. I couldn't sleep well that night, even after I was done crying. The constant whoosh ing of the rain refused to fade into the background. I pull my comforter over my head, and later added the pillow, too. Even still, I didn't fall asleep until after midnight, when the rain had settled into a quieter drizzle. Thick fog was all I could see when I woke up that morning. I felt a sense of claustrophobia; the sky was always impossible to see here, and I felt trapped. Breakfast with Charlie was a quiet event. He wished me good luck at school. I thanked him, knowing his hope was wasted. Good luck tended to avoid me - unless you counted tests. Charlie left first, off to the police station that was his wife and family. After he left, I sat at the old square oak table and planned my day out in my head. Get ready for school, grab my bag, drive to school, get my new schedule, go to classes, leave school, find an office supply store, come home, do my homework, make dinner, eat, study, shower, and go to bed. That's it. That's what my day will look like, I tell myself. I have nothing to stress about. Today will be just like any other day - easy. I cross the first three things off of my mental list quickly and drive to school, which I almost end up missing. since there's a lack of metal detectors and metal wire fences. My truck has a loud engine, but I'm relieved to see that the other cars in the parking lot were similar to mine, albeit much quieter. I quickly turn off the engine to avoid drawing attention and slide out of my seat. My feet slosh on the wet ground, and although the rain is only a drizzle, I tug my hood down and quickly walk into the front office so I can get my schedule and directions. Inside, the office is brightly lit and smells strongly of cinnamon. A large bulletin board has a few lonely flyers tacked onto it. Maybe it only seems bigger because it was so empty. A counter cuts the room in half, and the lady behind it is wearing a plain purple t-shirt. I immediately feel overdressed. I walk up, careful to avoid bumping a large potted plant or knocking off the loose papers scattered all over the surface of the counter. "Can I help you?" the lady asks sweetly. I look her in the eye, attempting to appear more confident than I feel. "I'm Isabella Swan." I assert. She seems surprised, but I suspect it has more to do with who I am rather than my fake self-assurance. I was expected, a topic of gossip, no doubt. Daughter of the Chief's flighty ex-wife, come home at last. "Of course. I have your schedule right here." she nods and turns around to a rifle through a filing cabinet. I wait patiently until she finds the right document, and then as she places it on the desk in front of me she slides her hand underneath the counter and pulls out a map of the school. She goes through all my classes for me, highlighting the best routes to take to each class on the map, and gives me a slip to have each teacher to sign, which I am to bring back at the end of the day. She smiles at me and hopes, like Charlie, that I will like it here in Forks. I thank her to the best of my ability, even though it feels like a lie. But then she also adds: "I just feel like I should warn you - those classes are really difficult. Are you sure you can handle them all? No one ever takes this many APs at once." She cautions. At my old school, it was common for students to be taking up to six at once. Three is almost nothing. "I've been doing okay so far," I smile reassuringly. "Thank you so much for your help." her concern doesn't fade. She adds, "It's going to be a tough year for you, sweetie." and I nod goodbye because I don't know what else to say and leave. When I walk back out, the rain has stopped