Hi darlings. A few years have passed since I first posted this. After reading many stories and reading this over, I've decided to give Battered & Abused a facelift, starting with a new name- "Redemption Song". The plot and chapters will more or less remain the same, with changes in between. Some changes may be drastic, others not so much. To my old readers, welcome back, to the newbies, welcome to Redemption Song. Enjoy! Disclaimer- The names of the Twilight characters belong to Stephanie Meyers. The plot is the intellectual property of Cakes18. ' Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery; None but ourselves can free our mind. Have no fear for atomic energy, 'Cause none of them can stop the time.' Bob Marley's song played in the background on James' old radio. It had become one of my favorites in the past two years since I've been in this situation. I wasn't trapped by any means, but I had nowhere else to go. Who was going to take pity on an unemployed, homeless high school drop out? I had no idea where my parents were. They practically kicked me out when they found out I wasn't going to graduate with my class. With nowhere to live, and nobody to pay my school fees, I became this . I was sitting at my usual spot by the bedroom window. As usual, I was staring out at the freedom and happiness that would never be mine. I longed to get away from James. He wasn't really my boyfriend but more like the person who took care of me in exchange for treating me however he wanted to. James was a possessive, abusive, wicked man, who I was unfortunate enough to meet. I remember the day I met him, just like I did every single day. "Hello my lady." Purred a soft, tantalizing voice. I wasn't used to such forward attention from men, least of all the attractive ones. " Hello." I replied to the handsome stranger. I introduced myself, quite timidly, and then learned the name of my future "boyfriend". He swept me off my feet onto the dance floor of the bar, and after having a major blow-out with my parents, it seemed like one of those fairytales I read when I was a little girl. " What's a nice young girl like you doing in a place like this?" He whispered in my ear. " The usual. I failed a class in high school, I won't get to graduate, my parents hate me." I giggled. " So what are you going to do?" He asked. "You look like you could use a good time. I can show you a good time." Being the gullible girl that I was, I very much obliged, and literally walked into a hell of a life. After a night of raucous behavior and debauchery completely unseemly for an eighteen-year-old, especially one with a Police Officer for a father, I practically stamped and sealed my own death sentence. When I hadn't returned home that evening, and practically dragged myself into my parents' house at ten thirty the following morning, all hell broke loose, my father lost his temper, made me pack my things and ordered me to never return, I was able to stay with a few friends during the course of summer vacation, but with everyone leaving for college, I was running out of options. No amount of begging on my part could convince my father to let me move back in. As much as I pleaded with my mother she said she could never forgive me for my indiscretion. A night of partying she considered an indiscretion, but kicking your own child out of her home with nowhere else to go was just fine. It should come as no surprise that I ended up back with James. Since I had no qualifications and was unable to work, I had no valuable skill and I refused to sleep with him, I was his live in maid, his butler, his secretary and the person he took out his anger on when things didn't go his way. James was never physically abusive, and for that I'm grateful, but some days, especially days like these, the emotional strain was just the same. "Bella, where are you? I hope breakfast is ready you worthless, no good, talentless bitch.!" Speak of the devil and he will appear. He was one to talk about being worthless, but seeing as he somehow found a way to feed and clothe me every-day without having a legal job that I knew of, he won. Breakfast wasn't ready though, because there were no groceries after he spent all his money entertaining a worthless, no good but extremely talented prostitute. I didn't answer him, but continued to stare out the window as I braced myself for his oncoming verbal assault. "Where the hell is my food you ingrate?" he yelled as he slammed open the door to my room. "Look at me when I'm speaking to you!" I usually looked away from James when he was on one of his tirades. I'd found it much easier to absorb his hate once I didn't make eye contact. He advanced towards me and I quickly jumped down from my seat at the window, fearing he might throw me out of it. James' visage was especially terrifying. His face was red, his eyes bloodshot and the veins were bulging at his temple and forehead. He was pissed, and I was petrified . "Stop cowering over there and come here right now." Frightened, I stepped toward him and stopped just short of one foot away. He grabbed my neck and pulled me to his face before I had time to process what was happening and squeezed till I could barely breathe. "Don't confuse my tolerance of you for kindness. Next time I give you an order I expect you to follow through." He gritted. James released me with such force I fell to the ground, with just enough time to brace my fall with my elbows. Just before walking out he spat on the floor and threw some crumpled bills to the floor. "Make yourself useful and go get something to eat. Don't come back here without some wholesome food." Feeling more degraded than I ever did in my entire life, more than when my own father threw me out the house, I sat silently on the floor, unmoving from the spot I fell onto. James never hit me. As angry as he got, he never put a finger on me. After today's incident, I knew without a doubt it would change. He would never apologize, because wicked people didn't apologize when they were wrong. That was the moment I knew I had to get away. Homeless or not, I couldn't stay with James and be both emotionally and physically abused. Gathering my strength, I picked up the money on the ground, all of ten dollars, packed my knapsack with a few of my most prized belongings, and walked out the back door, before James saw me with a bag on my back. I took my usual route to Mrs. Cope's store, in the event one of James' friends saw me and thought anything out of the ordinary. Generally, I breezed in to Shelly's store with a light smile and pleasant disposition, simply because she asked far too many questions. It was easier for me to be fake and friendly and avoid the Spanish inquisition, than to show my genuine unhappiness and risk Shelly getting dragged in to my mess. Today though, I couldn't keep up the façade. Tears were still streaming down my face and my mouth was turned down in a frown. There was no-one else in the store as Shelly looked up and noticed me. "Bella honey what's wrong?" My face crumpled and I choked out loud uncontrollable sobs. "I-I-I can't do it anymore." I cried. "J-J-James is a monster but he's never hurt me. Today h-h-h-he could've killed me!" Shelly's eyes opened wide as saucers. "Bella, if someone endangered your life you need to go to the police. Let the law handle this." She insisted. "No, no police." I protested. "Can I get a job Mrs. Cope? I'll do anything you ask me to do. Can I just stay with you for a couple days at least? Please don't say no, I haven't anywhere else to go." Shelly shook her head sadly, and my shoulders slumped. "I wish I could offer you both Bella, but the store barely makes enough to cover my husband's medical bills and my salary. There's no way I could take on a new hire. Not to mention most of our one bedroom apartment has been turned in to an infirmary for Bill." I shook my head back and forth. "No, no, no, no, no. This can't be happening. I thought I had it all planned out. Leave James, beg you for a job and a bed to sleep on, then get the hell out of here." "You're willing to move then?" she asked "Yes! I want to leave this town but I can't do that without money, or friends or a plan!" Shelly's eyes glazed over as she pondered something. "Mrs. Cope, what's wrong?" She didn't answer me but fluttered around her cash register looking for something as she muttered under her breath. "Aha! I knew I had it somewhere. There's this rehabilitation house of sorts which helps young people like you get back on their feet. A few years ago a doctor and his wife stopped here on their way to the airport and told me to pass along this card to someone in need. She gave me the card in her hand and I read it to myself. St. Anthony's Recovery Center Managing Director- Edward A. Cullen Tel-360-721-2265 Email- eac " Actions speak louder than words; let your words teach and your actions speak" "So, what do I do Mrs. Cope? Pick up the phone and ask if they have room for one?" She pursed her lips. "Something like that, I think. The couple just stressed I should give it to someone who really needs it. You look like you really need it Bella." "I would love to go. Can you use your phone to call first? Please?" Mrs. Cope nodded and ushered Bella toward her phone. The number rang twice before someone picked up. "SAR Center how can I help you?" a male voice greeted on the other line. "Uhm hi there. My name is Bella. Isabella Swan. I was given this number to call, by a friend, in case I need help." I said glimpsing at Shelly. "Well, hello Isabella. My name is Edward Cullen, I'm the managing director of St. Anthony's Recovery Center. Do you mind if I ask you a few questions first?" "Sure." I consented. "How old are you?" "21" "Level of education?" "I never finished high school." "Are you employed?" "No." "Okay, where do you currently live?" "Nowhere at the moment, my parents kicked me out of the house two years ago." "Do you take any form of contraband?" "What? No of course not!" "I'm sorry if my question offended you Ms. Swan, I just need to get a rough idea whether or not you're a good fit for the program. I usually take up to five people at a time but right now I only have one spot." "Okay" I relented. "Go on" "Are you currently pregnant or have children?" "No." "Okay. Is your life in danger or are you currently hiding from an abusive spouse, mate or relative?" "I'm not sure how to answer that honestly. I've been living with someone for the past two years and he's only recently become physically abusive. That's why I left him and I have nowhere to go." "Alright Ms. Swan, you seem to meet all the requirements of the program, and obviously in a situation