I'm so sorry for how long this installment has taken to get started. Real life got in the way and then I had writers block (Chamber of Secrets has never been my favourite book). It was only when I started reading it to my son that inspiration struck. Hope you enjoy it, I'd really appreciate any reviews. Disclaimer - All the characters belong to the amazing JK Rowling apart from Bella Snape, she's all mine. Return to Prince Manor Finally they were back at Prince Manor. It seemed like a life time ago that they had sat in the Great Hall eating the final breakfast of the school year and now, looking back on their first year together at Hogwarts Snape marvelled that they had all survived it to return from there to here. The long journey had taken its toll on all of them, both physically and emotionally in Potter..., no he mentally corrected himself, Harry's case. He'd witnessed the abject fear drench his Godson as he had read McGonagalls note that morning and even from his great distance away he could see the betrayal in the boys eyes. Just as he wished he could do more than send the warming charm to reassure the child his other responsibility had leaned in and seemingly made things better. The truth was he felt an unfamiliar and somewhat unsettling sense of pride over how his young charges had handled themselves today. He knew it had taken all of Pott... Harry's courage to face the images of his abusers, just as it had taken all of his own, his wife's and Minevra's inner strength to wear their despicable faces if only for a scant few minutes. The timing had, had to be perfect. Bella had to take the polyjuice potion early enough to allow the transformation to settle but late enough that it faded only moments after walking out of the station with Harry so she could change her clothes and perfect her aging glamours to collect Hermione. Later they rendezvoused at an abandoned shop unit now owned by Jefferson Prince half an hours walk from the station from where they apparated back to Prince Manor. However, with the Weasleys involvement this little charade may not need to be repeated in future years. Casting a hover charm Snape sent their Hogwarts trunks straight to the childrens bedrooms with the intention of instructing them to put away their belongings but as always, in his own house, any attempt at logical structure was carelessly brushed aside by Bella. Within seconds she had them in her embrace before crouching down to check them over at arms length and then pulling them close again. "Let me look at you. You've both grown so much, we'll need new uniforms before you go back but let's not think about that now. I've missed you so much." Not that Snape could blame her, the last time she'd seen them was while they were holding a constant vigil at their bedsides in the infirmary. Of course he knew he would have to talk to them about the events that had led to them being there and sooner rather than later, not a 'conversation' he was looking forward to having especially as everyone had given them the impression they were heros! Once again he felt the oppressive burden of his responsibility creep up on him but at least now with Quirrell gone the feeling was no longer cloaked in all consuming bitterness. The change he recognised in himself was undeniable and now that the Headmaster had explained the cause he could easily understand his angry reactions especially towards P ... Harry, his sorting and his resemblance to his father. But he was startled out of his self reflection when his wifes arms snaked around his waist, her familiar scent pulling him back home. Raising on her tip toes Bella grazed a gentle kiss across his lips. "I've missed you too." She whispered against his skin. But his eyes weren't on her they were drawn to the nervous children across the room. They seemed to have moved unconsciously closer to each other and he could sense their wariness despite the distance. And he wasn't sure if he could blame them, bridges would have to be built again this summer. Alien instincts made him want to reach across the void to them but his innate stoicism reluctantly held him back. And then the moment was gone. Midnight sidled in from the kitchen distracting Hermione as she gathered the purring cat in her arms, reminding Harry that he had his own pet to deal with. "Can I go let Hedwig out?" He asked nervously, not sure what to expect now that they were finally back. While he was looking at both adults he found it so much easier to talk to Aunty Bella. Right now he had no idea what to expect from his Godfather. The last time he had seen Snape, apart from a brief glimpse at breakfast that morning, had been at the leaving feast where his face had been twisted and sour at loosing the House Cup. And the last time he'd seen Uncle Sev had been in the infirmary after Quirrell ... disappeared, something he really didn't want to think about, when he'd been weirdly quiet and looked oddly worried. "Cause you can sweetheart, there's some new owl treats in your room for her to try." She tried her best to sound happy and upbeat but Bella could still feel herself frowning, their cautiousness worried her, what if all they'd asked of them this year was a step too far, what if what they had was broken beyond repair. But no, she couldn't think that way, she tried to convince herself there was nothing to worry about, after all they'd been gone nine months and been through a lot, she tried to remind herself that even when it had just been Severus coming back each summer things had always been a little unsettled for a couple of days. "Why don't you both go and unpack so we can put your trunks away, then I'll order pizza in and you can tell us all about school." She sensed them relaxing a bit at the mention of something familiar, Luigi's had always been their favourite takeout treat and she knew they'd never serve something so muggle as a pizza at Hogwarts. She gave a dazzling smile and wink. "I want to know all about school, especially your potions professor, I hear he's an evil vampire!" She felt the evil vampire's twin stiffen behind her and it didn't take any real imagination to picture the glare that went with his rigid posture, but his displeasure could be dealt with later, the slightly mischievous smiles she got from her children more than made up for the possible unpleasantness. "Go on, I'll send some drinks up." She encouraged but a firm, deep, throaty cough from above stopped them in their tracks. Snape held out his hand, palm up. "Your wands please." He thought his tone broke no argument but after watching the pair swapping a questioning look he found himself clarifying his ...request. Folding his arms in an intimidating manner he asked, "Am I to believe my esteemed colleague failed to advise her house of the restriction of underage wizardry?" Feeling defeated Harry shook his head "No Sir Professor McGonagall told us." Unenthusiastically he pulled his wand out of his sleeve and placed it in his Godfathers outstretched palm. Snape gave a brief nod towards the boy before focusing his full attention on Miss Gr... Hermione. Unfortunately for both of them there seemed to be a spark of mutiny in her eyes, something akin to the defiance that surfaced during 'that' disastrous potions lesson. "Your wand." His demand was cold and harsh, Snape never liked to repeat himself. Hermione could feel Harry shuffling nervously next to her but she really didn't want to give up her wand, it felt part of her now and if she couldn't even hold it she had a horrible feeling she might forget it all. "Now young lady." His eyes narrowed dangerously and his voice turned to a snarl. "Or do you wish to continue this 'discussion' in my study and sit uncomfortably for the rest of today." The truth was he could have easily summoned her wand making all of this unnecessary, just as he would have done at school, but, even though it went against his every instinct, he knew that things had to be different here. In this house they were supposed to be some kind of unit, Bella called it family, and while this mix of adult and child could not be truly democratic, he had learned over their years together they could also not survive a dictatorship, choices had to be offered to foster an appropriate respect between child and adult, something he had learned to an extent with his Slytherins. He felt Bella's fingers brush his sleeve with a feather light touch delivering a silent message of caution, but as he stepped around his wife to offer his options he saw the child pale and shrink behind P... Harry. He knew her thoughts had raced back to the same place as his own, the day he had truly lost her trust, and he vowed never to be the cause of the fear that shadowed her eyes again. He firmly believed a healthy fear of consequence from a parental figure should be encouraged but abject fear of the person themselves was unacceptable, his own childhood had taught him that. Disgusted with himself, even though he knew now his actions that day were fuelled with the dark lords bile, he made the first tentative steps towards the long road to rebuilding their trust. Dropping his hand and trying his best to stand neutrally he approached the subject again. "I require your wand ..." He hesitated as the name felt unfamiliar on his tongue. "... Hermione. Temptation can be a powerful force, especially for someone like yourself with a strong desire to learn but I cannot risk discovery of our living arrangements." He paused and looked her directly in the eye. "You know all magic leaves a signature." He saw the defiance start to melt from her eyes as she seemed to unconsciously move out from Harry's shadow. But disappointment still dulled her face, something else Snape found he didn't want to be responsible for. The compromise bubbled up from somewhere deep inside him, somewhere he truly believed no longer existed. "However ... Should you behaviour prove acceptable during the holidays I may consent to allowing you to accompany me to Hogwarts where you could theoretically practice ...under supervision of course." But the hope that ignited and started to burn in her eyes was a bitter pill for him to swallow because ultimately their connection could only be mended for a short time before Professor Snapes actions during the next school year damaged them again. And realistically he knew there would eventually come a time when, whatever 'it' was that they had, would become irreparable. But those thoughts were for another time. Holding out his hand once more, he tried to wait patiently while the pre teen waged an internal war. He could feel his eyes battling to narrow at her indecision but before he could give into the urge she reluctantly relinquished her wand to his care. He bit down on his natural reaction to make a caustic comment of 'Finally' and instead settled for a more neutral but cryptic "Good." But when no-one made an attempt to move he gave his best glare and asked "Well, what are you waiting for? This may be a magic house but your trunks won't unpack themselves!" He watched with a smirk as they both scurried off, almost as one being, towards the staircase. "And don't run on the stairs." He added sternly to their retreating backs. If previous