Hey, guys so here's my newest story! Don't worry I will be getting around to finishing the others when my muse strikes! A couple things as far as dates go I JK Rowling has admitted that she goofed them. HOWEVER, I will attempt to stick to them as closely as possible, only changing them when they appear to need it. Disclaimer: Not mine :( unfortunately. Hermione jerked awake as if some unknown force had demanded her to consciousness. Blinking blindly at the room around her she forced herself into awareness. The room was plain and stuffed full of home-made blankets and clothes. The room was of no consequential size, though that may have only been because Hermione found herself sharing a room with Ginny. The red-head was quickly becoming a close friend to the young woman who found herself surrounded by males. At first, the two girls had little to talk about, Ginny was a year behind Hermione and had a passion for Quidditch. But they eventually banded together when Mrs. Weasley decided they should share a room, the only two girls in a house of males. Swinging her legs over the bed, Hermione let her feet touch the cool hardwood below her feet. Today was the day. Wandering the Burrow Hermione found herself in silence. She basked in the peace, soon everyone else would wake up and the woman would have little choice other than to deal with the teasing, jibbing, ribbing, and all other annoying things the men of the house would do. Hermione couldn't find herself to complain though, for all of her bookish strict ways she adored each and every one of the Weasleys, they were a surrogate family to her. People that helped her in a world she knew nothing about. What Hermione loved the most was the fact that they were so down-to-earth. The first time that Hermione found herself standing in front of the Burrow she was shocked. However, did it stay standing? Snorting Hermione descended the stairs, magic. Soon the warm house would thunder and shake with the pounding of feet, the clatter of objects, and the loud voices of Weasleys. Entering the kitchen Hermione was met with the sight of a very determined Molly Weasley, bustling around the kitchen her wand in hand. There were already plates and dishes set out on the magically elongated table, some food set out other still cooking. "Good morning Mrs. Weasley." Hermione piped out. Stepping forward she offered her help which Molly quickly denied thanking the girl anyway. "You may want to make your plate now dear. Heaven knows when those boys smell food they will wake up and eat it all up." Mrs. Weasley said gently gesturing for Hermione to sit. Hermione obeyed sitting in the spot that was easily designated as hers. Piling food on her plate quickly, she set herself for food when the first signs of males made its presence known. The sound of someone falling, or more likely being pushed, off their bed sounded from the ceiling. Hermione quickly tucked in, noticing by the dual steps that it was most likely Fred and George who were awake. From the first moment that she stayed at the Burrow Hermione decided to pay close attention to all the members. They were each their own person and her curiosity got the best of her. It wasn't just books that she enjoyed learning about, it was people too. She found that Mr. Weasley dragged his feet slightly when he walked, his steps easy to decipher. Though if she had, to be honest, Hermione knew any and all of the members from the sound of their steps. After Fred and George snuck up on her and turned her chestnut locks into something resembling a blueberry she learned to be cautious. Bill, though he had his own flat was staying for a bit before the big quidditch match they were going to. His steps were light and watchful, something Hermione assumed he learned from curse breaking. Charlie who was on vacation from Romania had sure steps that were both gentle and firm. Percy walked as if he owned the home, his footsteps louder as if warning others to get out of his way. Ron was as Hermione already knew heavy-footed when he walked, and there was no grace nor tune to his walk. Fred and George though were easiest as they were often together, their steps were barely heard. Twin heads popped into the room, noses in the air. "Is that- "-food I smell?" Rolling her eyes Hermione watched the twins seat themselves across from her both quickly eating also, sending Hermione conspiratory glances. Settling her nerves, Hermione nodded her head at them in acknowledgement. "Now boys don't eat all the food. Leave some for your brothers." Mrs. Weasley said bringing the last plate to the table before glancing up at the stairwell as dragged footsteps sounded. "Good morning Mr. Weasley." Hermione stated softly her back to the stairwell. "Good morning Hermione." Mr. Weasley responded pleasantly. At first when Hermione always knew who was behind her he was shocked, now though he was used to it. Had any of the Weasley's asked, Hermione would have told them how she knew but none of them ever did. They just accepted it as another thing that came with the 'brightest witch of her age' title. "Now my dear I must ask you a question?" Swallowing her pancakes Hermione turned to Mr. Weasley smiling lightly. She was accustomed to such things. Every morning Mr. Weasley would come with a new question on the muggle world. Wizards and Witches Hermione found couldn't wrap their minds around the most basic of things muggle. Though the same could be said for muggle-borns in the wizarding society. "What is the purpose of a rolllo-coaster?" Mr. Weasley asked curiously. He had seen a pamphlet for an amusement park, whatever that was and was curious of the title, highest rollo-coaster in the world. "A rollercoaster?" Hermione questioned curiously. "From an amusement park?" "Yes!" Mr. Weasley encouraged happily. Hermione thought for a moment before responding. "Well, I suppose they don't have a real purpose. Amusement parks are where people go to have fun. There are things for the whole family, food, and entertainment wise. A rollercoaster is a large machine that people sit in and its twists and whirls them around. People go on them for an adrenaline rush I suppose." "Interesting." Mr. Weasley said thoughtfully. "Muggles, fascinating things they come up with." After eating a few bits he continued. "Now what about—" "Now that's enough Arthur. We agreed with Hermione one a day." Mrs. Weasley quickly chastised, kissing Mr. Weasley on the cheek as she headed toward the stairs. "I'm going to wake the others, Harry should be arriving sometime today. . ."She trailed off as if in thought. Fred and George quickly stood, grabbing Hermione by both of her arms. "Come along now—" "—we wouldn't want you getting lost." "Today is an important after all." "Would be a shame if we weren't able to hold up are part of the bargain wouldn't it Gred." "Oh awful Forge, why however would we be able to look at Miss Hermione again if we didn't." Hermione rolled her eyes at the duo letting them lead her up the staircases to their room before any of the others could spot them. "You are certain this is safe?" "Of course!" "Would we lie to you?" "Yes." Hermione deadpanned strolling into their room careful not to touch anything, with the Weasley twins you just never knew. "Here we are." The twins announced together setting an open book in her lap. Looking down Hermione read the spell careful, Soulmate. A simple title, reading through the incantation and motion Hermione found that it was relatively simple. "It doesn't even have to be cast by the person intending to find their soulmate?!" "Nope." One of the twins started popping the p. "It was made back in the day when arranged marriages were popular." "Purebloods would use it when their child was five and if the name of another pureblood popped up they would start a marriage contract." "They would do the spell for males every year until he turned seventeen, if no name appeared or it was one unpleasing they would pick a pureblood girl not spoken for." "Why wouldn't a name appear?" Hermione asked curiously. "And why don't people use it as much?" The twins shared a look before speaking. "A name might not appear if they hadn't been born yet, and it's sometimes used by purebloods but that is about it. Even purebloods don't use it as much, rumor is the names are muggle-borns and half-bloods instead of other purebloods." "Why don't others use it?" Hermione inquired further. "Image this— "—it's your wedding day and you are having doubts and you do the spell only for someone else's name to appear. Do you go through with the wedding or do you let the spell determine your future." "Or perhaps a person does the spell and the name that appears is someone already married or with a person. Do you force them to break it off or do you suffer." "Or maybe the name is someone dead. You will spend the rest of your life with every person thinking, I wonder if it would have been better." Hermione frowned suddenly not wanting to do the spell. She had agreed initially because she did not enjoy when she did not know. When she found Fred and George last year in a somber mood she investigated. That was the first time her need to know everything backfired on her. It was easy to find and follow them with the time turner because no one would question where she was, as she had obviously been with them. She found them walking the halls alone, their heads bent together whispers firing between the two. * Flashback* "Alright, you two what is going on?" Hermione demanded from behind the two. Twin heads instantly whipped in her direction, eyes wide. "Why Hermione— "—whatever could you be talking about." Hermione wasn't fooled though, she could see the tears in their eyes. At first she had been suspicious of the two, troublemakers only know one thing, trouble. Now though she wasn't so sure. Hesitating she reached a hand forward. "What's the matter?" "Nothing 'Mione." Fred stated turning to George smiling dimly. "She doesn't trust us Forge." "No she doesn't Gred." George replied smiling back. "How dare she question our morals? Why we are nothing but angels— "—we have never done a thing wrong." "Too true, what would give her the idea something was the matter?" "Come on guys I'm not stupid." Hermione huffed crossing her arms annoyed. "I won't tell anyone." The twins shared a long sad look before turning to Hermione curiously. "Say 'Mione." "You are a muggleborn." "What does that have to do with anything?" Hermione asked curiously. Had it been anyone other than a Weasley she might have been a bit wary. "If we asked you a question—" "—you would answer, honestly wouldn't you?" Hermione narrowed her eyes at the twins, their faces were serious. Their brown eyes holding no twinkle from a prank. "Yes." The two shared another quick glance nodding to each other before turning back to Hermione. "If we asked you to be in a relationship with the two of us what would you say?" "Both of you!?" Hermione spluttered confused. "That is positively indecent!" She was surprised then when the twins suddenly went silent. An awkwardness settled over the trio and Hermione was unsure how to fix it. "How?" Fred finally whispered sadly. Any anger Hermione may have had evaporated immediately. Stepping forward she placed her hand on Fred and George's cheeks. They were both looking at the floor sadly. "Three people isn't something that is common in the muggle world." She paused for a moment to collect her thoughts before stuttering out.