Story is M for a reason. It's also my first attempt at smut, took me long enough. The world deserves more Clato, I think. District 1 doesn't look promising this year. To be frank- as Clove always is- Marvel seems conceited, and Glimmer is a hopeless preening idiot. She simpers and smiles for the Capitol, and that's about as astute as she gets; using her looks, to get what she desires. It won't work in the arena. Glimmer's airs don't contain the same razor-edges as her knives. Maybe Clove's judgement is clouded, but it doesn't matter when Glimmer was the one to place the fog there in the first place. But she knows she's right when it comes to equating her with usefulness. Actually, there's nothing to equate. The most vicious way the girl has ever used a knife has been to cut an undercooked steak; her hair would be better tinder than the material she picks at the fire-starting station. The swords and spears are 'too heavy' and 'they don't make the arrows right'. Alliances have existed between 1 and 2 for 73 years. Cadmus insisted, for the purpose of both survival and sponsors, that the truce should remain between them until and during the Games. For as long as it's necessary , their mentor told them. His eyes were more on Clove than Cato during his small tirade. He didn't need to know her to tell how unimpressed she was with their temporary allies. It's with no small measure of self-restraint that Clove refrains from burying a blade between the blonde's pretty, plucked eyebrows. The bloodshed hasn't even started yet, and she's itching for it. There's an essence the taller girl exudes that simply annoys her. Marvel and Cato don't seem to notice it; perhaps if they do, it only draws them closer to her side. Both Glimmer and Clove know what they're looking for, and they don't have a hope in Panem with the other female tributes. All 11 are too meek, too afraid, too innocent. All but Clove, and the boys have every right to be afraid of her . She'd sooner plant a knife between Marvel's lips and lick the blood away than kiss him, and Cato...well. He's home, and she knows that, but she also knows he'll be the one to kill her. Enticing notions will only kill her all the sooner. It's beyond Clove, why the walking wet dream chooses to visit the knife station. Maybe she knows running her soft, white hands down the blades pisses Clove off. She's irate when Glimmer moves a few out of place, smearing her fingertips over the sleek clean metal. Isn't it the least she can do, to piss her off in return? "You ought to watch your step," Clove warns, in a high and haughty tone that's such a contrast to Glimmer's purrs . The blonde blinks, turning to face the smaller tribute, her hand on a knife in a way some might call threatening. The prolonged intimacy of the touch only fuels Clove's fire. Knives are her forte. Glimmer's lies somewhere else, sordid and saccharine, between bedsheets. "Excuse me?" Glimmer asks, feigning a sweet, bewildered innocence. "Cato," she clarifies. Her hands are on the knives too, fingering the handles thoughtfully. They've never even tasted blood, she supposes. That's positively sinful, for blades of their craft, their beautiful and elegant designs. Her array back at home is nothing to scoff at, but not a single one can hold a candle to the ones laid out in front of her. Even Glimmer's smarmy touch can't detract from their allure. District 1's mouth twitches. She doesn't quite know what the other girl is hinting at, but understands that envy might somehow be involved. "What about him?" she sniffs. Her conquests are her conquests, and she'd rather not discuss them with a surly teenaged stranger. "What I said. Watch your step. And your back." "What Cato does with my back is none of your concern," Glimmer snaps, uncomfortable. Clove's anger is dimming, her amusement growing, although she wishes she'd get her damned hand off that knife. So she shrugs, playing along, although she has an ulterior motive, and shouldn't be surprised Glimmer hasn't guessed at it yet. "Just telling you. Cato's not a nice boy. Pain is his pleasure, and you don't strike me as a physically...robust type." "I can deal with Cato just fine, thanks," Glimmer retorts, throwing in a knowing smirk in her direction that Clove would like to carve from her face. Red would suit her, the brunette feels. So would the inability to talk. "Just because you're fucking him won't give you sentimental value in the arena," Clove says abruptly, selecting a thin knife with an ivory handle. It's not polished to perfection, but that only gives her better grip. It splices the air with a mellow whistle, quickly engulfed by the soft foam of a dummy's neck. In three days, that dummy will be Glimmer. They already share the same level of intelligence, after all. "And if you'd like to walk tomorrow morning, and the morning after, and the morning after that, stay away from him. If you'd like to breathe without flinching-" "You're completely unlikeable, Clove," she mutters. "When we play the Games, you'll have no value at all." A fake arm is severed; in the next moment, a knife burrows into a foam stomach, a lethal metal parasite. Glimmer seems to get the message and flounces off to find better company. Failing, she settles for the District 4 girl. Clove feels a little triumphant. She's alone with her knives at last, and her words are bound to make the idiot even a little bit paranoid. An ounce of fear is enough to start with. She's in between knives when an arm snakes around her torso and a hand covers her mouth. It's a waste of time, because Clove doesn't think she's the screaming type. When she bites it, she's only dragged in the shadows of a hallway, a muffled obscenity uttered in her ear. Clove is pressed against the metal wall, and only then is the appendage removed from between her teeth. Someone's warm chin presses down against her shoulder, cheek nestled against her neck. He's very warm, her assailant; some kind of frenetic energy bleeds through his skin. "What was that, Clove?" he breathes. Of course it's him- karmically, it's perfect. "Just telling the bitch what she needed to know," Clove hisses. She ignores the sculpted chest mashed against her back, and wonder just when it became so hard to breath. When she was squashed against the damn wall, of course. "Cato likes pain, doesn't he?" the boy whispers. Coming from him, the sound is harsh. He's never uttered a single soft syllable in his life. Still, Clove thinks it sounded like a confession. "Can't tell the fucking difference. Cato's messed up. You were ten seconds from making a comment about my mentality, weren't you Clove?" "I don't need to tell everyone, Cato, when you make it painfully obvious," Clove snaps. Because it's true, and she shouldn't feel guilty for pointing it out. "You said I wasn't a nice boy, Clove." He nips at the pale skin of her neck, a reprimand, but he's the one to say, "Ouch." "I may have hurt your feelings," Clove replies dryly, as snarkily as she can whilst being pinned against a wall, "but you like the pain, remember?" Cato blows some strands of hair from her neck. His teeth are not gentle against her throat. It contradicts the softness of his lips, the way he kisses her before sinking in his fangs. He's doing his best to drive animalistic sounds from her mouth- the closest thing to consent he'll ever take- but his best only coaxes a shiver down her spine. Then his tongue is sliding up her skin, grazing the underside of the jaw, tasting the uncharted territory of fierce, untamed Clove. He stops achingly short of her lips; she can still feel him grinning. "Do you take it back?" he asks. She thinks if she says yes, he'll close the burning millimetres between their mouths and kiss her. "I meant it, Cato. You're the definition of not nice ." She can smirk, too. Her sneer disappears when Cato twists her around, abruptly bringing them face-to-face. His thighs press her knees to the wall. Breathing is suddenly an ability Clove prizes, because now she's finding it so difficult to get air. Clove can't see his eyes. They're the brightest blue she's ever seen in her life, and they're hidden beneath her chin. Hair the colour of sun-soaked straw brushes against her cheek. His teeth continue their assault on her neck; they've latched onto her pulse. Its each and every desperate throb is accompanied with a clenching of his jaw muscles- a sporadic spatter of pain. He thinks she's distracted, but he's the one losing concentration. Cato's crotch jabs into hers. Cato's been making all sorts of moves on her- now, it's Clove's turn. She slips her leg free of his and brings her knee up in a short, stabbing motion- right into the place she knows will hurt him the most. Just as planned, he falls away, and proves real life is even more creative than her imagination by falling to the floor. His large, calloused hands are clutching his groin, but it's too late to stop what she's already done. It's comical, really. Clove's feet hit the floor; she's already turning away. "Like that, did you?" she asks sweetly. His answer is a wheeze. Clove doesn't have the right shoes for an appropriately loud exit, but she tries her best anyway. The result is a series of loud slaps as her trainers meet the linoleum floor. It masks the sounds from the boy behind her. She reaches the elevator, thinking training would only be pointless now. She punches the button, a little aggressive, but it's only plastic, after all. The lift arrives with a pleasant trill. Her district partner recovers quicker than she expects; with an uncanny swiftness she's come to associate with him, Cato pushes into the elevator, ignoring the doors and their hasty backtrack to allow room for his entrance. An indecipherable look is in his cerulean eyes. "Rude, Clove," he admonishes. Cato advances, and although it's an elegant and spacious area, it's too small to escape him. Clove is no longer sure she wants to, because those eyes are doing harrowing things to her stomach. When he does kiss her, finally, it's not a merge; it's a clash. His lips are a bruising force on hers, and she does her best to return the favour with equal fervour. Clove winces when their teeth click, and discovers his tongue is a snake. Older Games are fond of the legless reptiles, and she's seen them many times watching the reruns. The way it twists between her lips to writhe against her own is distinctly snake-like. There's no distance between them now. Clove feels every contour of his body with hers, every muscle he's worked for years to build and maintain. Suddenly clear, emphasised, is the height difference between them. Cato must stoop to reach her- until that pose bores him, and he yanks her up against his chest, her legs clamped against his hips. Announcing their arrival to their floor, the elevator dutifully beeps at them, sliding its sleek metal doors open without prompt. Cato doesn't bother to unhinge his lips from her jaw, but moves from into their apartment. Maybe it's testament to Clove's slight form that her weight doesn't seem to hinder him in the slightest. He picks a room at random. It hardly matters now. The bed is a soft thing, a concoction of of silk and feathers. In District 2, luxury, while readily available, had never featured heavily in Clove's life. At home, her bed is older than she is, and just as thin. She barely