Jason laughed as he made the last hoop. "That's how you do it!" The other boys who were playing, all braced their hands on their knees and waved him off, exhausted. Meanwhile Jason's team was celebrating, albeit, with weak lungs. "Damn, Jason. You sure can throw a ball." A member of his team laughed, clapping him on the back. Jason recalled that he was a Hermes son, Tyler. "Yeah, did you see him do that Michael Jordan move?" Another kid from his team, Sam (Hephaestus), stupidly mimicked the signature move with his feet still on the ground. Jason laughed at the antics. "Yeah, well. That's cuz the guy used special shoes, hello, to literally float to the hoop." Leo accused angrily. He was on the loosing team. Jason had convinced Leo to join the game last minute. Needless to say Leo had given him quite a fight about being on Jason's opposing team. In the end, he gave in. And in the end…he lost. "Okay guys, I'm going to go for a walk before I head to the showers." Jason picked up his, long ago, discarded shirt off the bench and slung it around his shoulders before addressing Leo, "See you at the pavilion for dinner?" "Wha-? Yeah, man. If I live that long." Leo was laying face up in the dirt, on arm slung over his eyes. "Just…go away, let me die in peace" He lazily swung an arm at Jason, while continually panting like a dog. Jason smiled, "Yeah, okay. Latter, man." His only reply was a grunt. Jason was pleased with the progress he was making with the campers here. It wasn't that he faked being kind or friendly with them, but it was still nerve wracking to know that in less then half a year he would need to have their trust to lead them into battle. Well, seven of them into battle. He knew four of them. Himself, Piper, Leo, and Annabeth. The other three…? Jason scanned the part of the camp he could see. Well, he was just assuming that the other three would have to be members of the Roman camp. Most likely that Percy Jackson guy…if they could find him. Jason kicked some dirt into a cloud as he followed the path down to the canoe lake. He absentmindedly rubbed the tattoo on his forearm. ' If only I could figure out where I came from!' He sighed angrily and glared down at the tattoo. ' Then we'd know where that Jackson guy was and everyone would stop…' He took in the morale of the campers loitering and passing him. If it were possible to put a color to emotions, then he would say this entire camp was in a morale state of 'sepia'. Not exactly bleak. But not colorful either. He was nervous though. These campers, though they were accepting him gradually, didn't truly want him, Jason. They wanted their leader that had been there through it all. They wanted Percy Jackson. Jason felt a stab of jealousy. Then repented. He knew it was silly. But he already felt threatened by this Percy guy. What if he wanted to lead and make Jason step down? What if he was completely lazy and didn't want to do anything? What if-? Jason stopped his train of thought, closed his eyes, and counted to ten. ' There is a reason why he's these kids leader. He's earned this position. Just like you probably earned yours at the other camp.' But Jason was still… intimated by this guy. Percy was a year older then him (If Annabeth's age was anything to go by), what if HE thought Jason was the lazy one? Or the incompetent one? That would be mortifying. If there was one thing Jason wanted more then anything right now. It was to know who this Percy Jackson was. As a person, as a hero,…as a teenaged guy. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX He decided to first stop by Nept- Poseidon's cabin. It was cabin three and the one right next to his. Poseidon's started the wall of the U. It was decorated in sand and seashells. Made to, Jason was sure, look like the floor of the ocean. Pretty cool. He stepped up on the first step leading up to the porch. He was nervous. What if he wasn't allowed in there? He looked around to see if anyone was watching him stand motionless at the foot of Poseidon's cabin. People were around, yeah, but they weren't watching him. He turned back towards the cabin and began the climb (all two steps). When he reached the doorway, he put his hand on the shell knob. He hesitated before opening it. When he did finally, he found a…semi messy room. Just an ordinary teenaged boy's room. Well, there were fountains and shells and sand everywhere. And demigod weapons hanging on the walls. But other then that…normal. Jason stepped further into the room and crossed the floor towards the bedside table. He looked at the mess of papers and…objects. He noticed that everything was shoved under the bed. The objects on Jackson's bedside table were messily straightened, and his bed was made. Jason furrowed his eyebrows at that observation. Had someone been here since Jackson was kidnapped? Why would his bed be made? Then Jason remembered that the campers have to straighten up their cabins every day before dinner. ' Percy Jackson must have never made it back here after diner.' The cabin suddenly felt eerie. This had been Jackson's last intentional destination. One he never reached… The cabin's temperature seemed to drop suddenly at that thought. ' He must have quickly cleaned up his room figuring that he would be coming back…and never did.' Jason sighed and rubbed his face with his hands. He began pulling on his shirt finally. It was starting to cool off. His jerky movements dislodged a binder (probably one from Jackson's school for homework. It had been winter break after all) and it landed with a slam on the wooden floor. Jason froze at the noise, staring down at the small disturbance of dust that had risen where the binder had landed, reminding him that it had been months since anyone had been here. He reached down to pick it up when a few small rectangular pieces fell out. Jason set the binder back down before picking up the rectangles. He flipped them over, discovering that the rectangles were pictures. Three to be exact. The first one was a small group photo of Chiron, a faw- satyr (Jason corrected himself), and Annabeth who had a guy… who must have been Percy Jackson in a headlock. All were smiling at the camera. Jason stared intently at Percy Jackson. This was the first picture he had ever seen of him. He was on the tall side, thin, as if he'd had a major growth spurt recently. He was laughing and clearly letting Annabeth hold him in this position. His eyes were closed, his nose scrunched up. Jason turned to the next picture, which gave him a jolt. It had Jackson, some slight gothic boy, and Jason's sister in it. Thalia was atop Jackson's back in a piggy-back ride position, one arm around his neck, the other had a fist in the air. The gothic boy had his arms crossed and was standing a foot away from the other two, but he was turned towards them. Although his posture screamed 'uncomfortable', he was smirking at Percy, who was in the middle of looking up at Thalia with apparent disbelief. Jason smiled, he guessed that Thalia had jumped on Percy's back at the last second catching him off guard. He stared at the gothic boy a little harder. Trying to figure out the kid's relevance to his sister and Percy, when something flashed silver in the corner of the picture where the boy's black shoes were. Jason saw in silver writing ' The Threatening Big Three Children'. He snorted at the joke. Then Jason realized who the boy must have been. Nico Di Angelo- Son of Pluto. He had heard about him. He's currently searching for Percy Jackson, just like his sister is. Jason turned his attention back: The children of Jupiter, Neptune, and Pluto. All in one photo. He shook his head to clear it of emotions that he couldn't describe. And pulled the third and last photo to the front. The photo was clearly a candid. And not of Percy. It was obviously often looked at or carried. It had been folded into fourths so many times that the creases in the middle were starting to tear. It was a photo of Annabeth. She was laughing and reaching for the camera, with an expression that said 'Nooo! Please don't take a picture!' Jason pulled the picture closer to his face to see the details of it. She had flower on her nose, cheeks, and in her hair. She was in a kitchen of some sort and had a wooden spoon in the hand furthest from the camera. Percy Jackson and Annabeth must have been making cookies or something at one point in time. Maybe a date? Quiet time between the two? He saw a finger in the corner of the picture; Jackson must have taken this picture thinking she looked cute. ' And she does.' Jason found himself agreeing. He wasn't attracted to Annabeth. But she was attractive. It almost didn't look like the Annabeth he knew, though. But Jason then realized, he's never really seen her smiling like she was here. Jason ran a finger along the middle crease pondering what it meant. It showed that Percy Jackson carried this around with him, looking at it frequently too, by the condition of it. He marveled at the thought. Percy Jackson, this legendary guy, would sneak glances at a picture of his girlfriend. Maybe smile at it, too. Jason suddenly felt intrusive. This was obviously private. Not that Jackson would ever know…But Jason still felt inclined to put the pictures back exactly where he found them. As he was doing so, he ended up kicking a cylindrical object near the bedside table, underneath the bed. Jason swore and bent down to retrieve it. When his hand closed around it, he realized what it must be. A Minotaur horn. Broken off at the end and stained with blood. He cradled the spoil of war in his hand, wondering how old it must be. It had to be Jackson's. Jason was just wondering when it must have happened. It looked to be a least a couple years old…if not more. "HEY! Who's in here?" a harsh feminine voice called. Jason turned around quickly to see who had snuck up on him. It was Clarisse, daughter of Ares, his brain supplied. "Oh, sorry I didn't realize that-" "Oh, it's you." She muttered not very kindly, standing in the doorway. "Well, I guess it's okay that you're in kelp-for-brains cabin." She looked warily inside, like she was expecting something to jump out at her. Jason could tell something was wrong. He'd been around the camp for few months now. Clarisse was never nervous. Brutal, yes, but never nervous. "Do you want to come…in?" Jason asked, not really sure what to say. She looked at him wildly for a moment, before composing herself and shaking her head. "No way. I've never been in Prissy's cabin and never will. " Jason was taken aback by the negative nickname. "You don't like Jackson?" Clarisse only shrugged and looked away. "So, you don't?" Again, Clarisse didn't say anything. Jason decided to weed it out of her. If he was going to learn about how Percy Jackson was the leader of this camp, he wanted to learn it through everyone's eyes. "I'm not surprised that you didn't like him." Jason lied. Clarisse's head turned towards him but her eyes didn't meet his. "Yeah, it doesn't sound like he ever did anything interesting. Puh,"