Hey! Thanks for checking out my new story! Disclaimer: I'm just borrowing Stephenie Meyers characters. The plot is all mine however! Special thanks to beachcomberlc for her help with the chapter! Commas and I aren't friends… Delay of Game: Deliberately causing a stoppage of play Chapter 1: Five-Hole Five-Hole: the gap between a goaltender's legs My life as I knew it had ended. I sat on the couch staring at the stick in my hand. Just like the box said it was easy to interpret that the word PREGNANT meant I had just failed my first test in my entire life. Unplanned Pregnancy Thanks To One Dumb Kind-of-Drunken Mistake 1 Bella 0. "What am I going to do?" I whispered, feeling the tears finally fall from my eyes. "Oh good, you're not in shock. I was worried I was going to have to slap you or something," my roommate Rosalie said with a big sigh. "Not helping, Rose. Although, I could probably use that slap for being such an idiot. How could I have been so stupid!? I told him to use a condom! Why didn't he use a condom?" Now that my rant started, it didn't seem like my mouth would stop. "Oh dear god. Rose, I look like some gold digger or something. I mean, now I'm some kind of… puck rabbit or whatever those whores are called. Oh god! I'm one of those whores now!" During my hyperventilating I looked up at Rose, who was biting her lip looking as though she was trying her hardest not to say something. "What do you want to say Rosalie?" I finally asked after taking some calming breaths. Yeah, because that will really help now. Calming breaths. Ha! "Well, they're actually considered puck bunnies, but rabbits work too!" She said looking rather guilty. All I could do in response was shake my head and raise my eyebrows at her. "Rose, what am I going to do?" I found myself looking back to the pregnancy test in my hand. I was only twenty-five years old! I didn't know the first thing about babies. I was pretty content with my life as it was. Having made the great move from tiny town Forks, WA to big city Chicago for college all those years ago, I thought I had done pretty well for myself. Freshman year of college, I found myself in a dorm with the blonde bombshell also known as Rosalie Hale and lucky for me she was a complete sweetheart once she got over my wardrobe and gave me a much needed makeover. My shoe collection is to die for…well mostly if you're my bank account . I was also lucky that after graduating with a Public Relations degree I was able to land a kickass job with a big PR firm. Rosalie found that other people liked her style as much as I did and became a personal stylist. We searched long and hard to find our perfect apartment right in the hustle and bustle of the great city of Chicago. My life was pretty much perfect. "Maybe you need to call him," Rose suggested as she sat next to me. I sighed and put my head on my best friend's shoulder. "I can't call him. It's been a month. He won't believe me. I wouldn't even believe me," I said, with a voice so pitiful I could be the president of the pity party planning committee. "Besides, I don't even have his number!" "Sorry sweetie, but I think your only option is to call him. He might surprise you," Rose said pushing me off her shoulder so she could stand up. She headed to her bedroom leaving me to pout more on the couch. "Rose! What would you do if you were me?" I yelled after her retreating form. "Well first off, thank god I'm not you right now. Second, I would grow a pair and actually call him!" Rose stated as she came back to sit on the couch with me. She handed me a piece of paper with a smirk on her face. 646-555-1214 Edward Damn her. "Rosalie, I threw that away! Why do you still have it?" I whined as she handed me my phone. "Isabella Swan, do not whine like that! You are a grown woman and need to start acting like it. You should be a little more thankful that I dug through the garbage to find that. I couldn't just let you give up! You and Edward had such a connection," Rose said as I looked away feeling even worse about myself. Wow, please be more pathetic, Swan. "Rose," I whimpered as she gave me a stern look and pushed my phone towards me more. "By the way, I heard he just got traded to the Blackhawks! Really, what are the odds," Rose laughed as she walked to her bedroom, shutting her door behind her to give me a little privacy I assumed. "Ha, what are the odds?" I mumbled sarcastically. The paper in my hand felt like it weighed a ton. Just staring at his perfect script on the gross paper made me think back to that night… Flashback "Bella! We're only in New York for the night so let's make the most of it!" Rose said while digging through her suitcase. "Ugh, Rosalie! It was such a long day, can't we just order in and sit on the balcony drinking wine all night?" I asked already knowing that would never happen. I was in New York City on official business and somehow my wonderful roommate found a way to get herself here for the night. "No can do missy," she said throwing some clothes at me. "You have five minutes to wash your face so I can do your hair and makeup." "Always so bossy," I muttered under my breath as I walked into the bathroom. About forty-five minutes later we both were polished and shined all ready to go out. Rosalie was wearing a short black-fitted dress with cutouts under her boobs. And me, well I actually felt pretty hot for a change. I was in a blue crop top with a high-waisted black leather skirt. Not typically my style, but I trusted Rosalie. Of course, getting into clubs when you are best friends with the model that is Rosalie Hale is no problem at all. One sexy smirk at a bouncer and she had them eating out of the palm of her hands. It was like a game to Rosalie to see how fast she could get a man on his knees for her. "I'll snag us that table and you go get the first round of drinks," Rose yelled over the loud music that was already making my head pulsate. I somehow managed to shake and shimmy my way past the huge crowd of people to get over to the bar. Now it's important to understand that in certain situations I can be the most awkward human alive. One of those times would always occur when I was at a bar trying to get a bartender's attention. Seriously, is it not their job to get people drinks? Why did they all seem to ignore me? "Are you new to the bar scene, or are you just this awkward all the time?" Some guy asked into my ear. "Well-" I started to say as I turned around. But the second I made eye contact with those piercing green eyes my mind went blank. I forgot every word I had ever learned. I couldn't even remember my own name. "Um…I…um," I blubbered like an idiot . That's great Bella. All that money on school and I can't even form a sentence the minute an attractive guy talked to me. "So always awkward. That's good to know," the sex-on-legs man said laughing. "Yeah, awkward is my middle name," I responded, feeling all the blood in my body rushing to my cheeks. "How about a first name? I'm Edward," he said as he extended a hand to me. Oh god, did he actually expect me to shake his hand? As in have to touch him? "Isabella, well Bella," I said lifting my hand. But as fate would have it, things would continue to not be smooth sailing. Someone pushed me, violently I would say, to get past me from behind. I had no choice but to put my hands up as I tried not to crash into Edward. However my head had a mind of it's own (ha) and nailed Edward right on hisforehead. My hands were now pressed against his incredibly muscular chest and his arms were gripping my waist. We both winced. "I'm so sorry," I cried. But of course some other jerk just had to get past. I once again was pushed into Edward. This time I had the sense to move my head. My arms, however, ended up around his neck. To try to diffuse the situation I quickly attempted to extract myself from his grip. Instead his arms just tightened around me. Honestly, it was no bother because he smelled amazing. And man did his body feel marvelous as it was pressed against mine. A girl could get used to this. I had to use every once of self-restraint to stop myself from running my fingers through his sex hair. It looked so soft. "Damn girl, you sure do know how to make a great first impression!" Edward said laughing. Yes Edward, please continue to laugh because the feel of you against me is making me think dirty thoughts. "I'm just going to walk far away and pretend this never happened," I tried to laugh as I eased out of his embrace . "And I should probably just get drunk," I added silently. "No, wait!" Edward grabbed my hand and pulled me back towards him. "I was being honest. Let me buy you a drink." I looked around and noticed Rose had found us a table and was already chatting with a guy who was probably going to buy her a drink anyways. I looked back at Edward and only slightly wished I hadn't. How could anybody turn down him when he looked at you through those long lashes and gorgeous green eyes? He's a heartbreaker, alright. "Fine, but I should really be buying you a drink. I did nearly give you a concussion," I said as he put his arm around me and leaned over the bar. Almost immediately he was asked what kind of drinks he wanted. I rolled my eyes. Why did he have to make it look so easy? "Beer good for you?" He asked. I just nodded because I was too busy focused on how great it felt for his arm to be around me. Before I knew it he was leading me away from the bar. I stopped him before he could go to far in the opposite direction of Rose. "My friend Rosalie is over there," I said pointing to the general area behind me. Oh wait. Maybe leading him to my beautiful blonde best friend wasn't the best idea. What if he thought she was hotter than me? Rolling my eyes at myself, I grabbed his hand and led him through the crowd. As we were making our way to Rose, she took notice that I had already met someone and smirked at me. I knew that smirk well. She was hoping I would finally live a little and let my inhibitions go. I was always the cautious one who tended to leave the bars alone. Rose, on the other hand, had no problem with random hookups. I sat down the same time Rose stood up. "Looks like I need to find myself a man as well," she said as she strutted off. "That's my best friend Rose," I explained to Edward. He smiled and nodded at me as he handed me a beer. I looked at it with