The Pack Mother Chapter 1 Fusedtwilight: Okay, it has been a while since I did a twilight fan-fic. And too all my readers who are waiting for the sequels to Kin and Kindred, Focused Madness and Pups and Tykes I am sorry it has taken me so long to give you those stories. I do have the stories set up in my head and have written a few chapters, but my imagination is pulling me in so many directions now. Please be patient a little while longer. And just so you all know, this is going to have some major lemons! Now, I normally do not write lemons into my fanfics, though there was a few in Pup's and Tykes. I admit I have done some adult work over on FP but nothing like this. I don't know how I came up with it, but like all stories it started with an idea. Leah is one of my favorite characters and I just found myself wanting to write a twilight story that had sex and a plot. And as a final warning this chapter has NO BETA. I have two betas but the one doesn't beta stories with lemons and my other beta is already doing two other stories for me and has a very hectic life right now. So please enjoy . Leah P.O.V I arrived home late at night. I had just finished doing my rounds and was bone tired. It has been three years since the almost battle with the Volturi and things have been blissfully quiet. We haven't had a single nomad in the area in over a year. Carlisle said that after the confrontation all the witnesses spread the word of a large pack of werewolves that protected the lands. Suffice it to say no vampire in their right mind wanted to go against seventeen pissed off werewolves. The Cullen's had left years ago, they just couldn't risk people noticing their endless youth any more, Bella and Edward staid as long as they could so Jake and Nessie could stay together but eventually they too had to leave. Jake talked with Nessie on Skype almost every day and night. She came to visit him a lot so that helped as well. Jake wanted to go with her, but he was the alpha now, he could not just up and leave his pack. Almost a year after the confrontation we merged both packs. Sam relinquished his alpha title to Jake so now Jake was the top dog. Sam was tired of being a leader and Jake had proven he had finally matured and was ready to be the alpha he was meant to be. Jake offered Sam the role of beta, but Sam declined, he wanted less responsibility so he could finally focus more on his normal life with Emily. So now I was the beta of our super pack. I thought having the minds of nine other guys could be tough, but try sixteen. Now that will give you a headache. Sam and Emily had married and I did my duty and was the maid of honor. I won't lie, it was very difficult for me to do. But I pushed all my pain aside and did this for them. They both thanked me over and over, there was lots of hug and tears and I made it through. Mom was so proud of me. So was Seth. I had come a long way. I had changed for the better. I still took yoga and went to a therapist. I had to edit lots of stuff out but it really helped to talk about my issues. You would think telling a stranger my inner most fears and pain wouldn't do me much good as it would with a friend or family member. But strangely it was easier to tell a stranger then anyone else. I had gotten a job at a pharmacy in Forks. I didn't want to get a job here, I needed to have a life that was separate from La Push. My therapist said this was a good idea. He said breaking away from La Push could help me. La Push was where so many bad things happened to me, spending time away might help. Mom was over at Charlies, I was glad she moved on. I was a bit pissed when they first hooked up. I felt it was too soon. But Charlie made her happy, and she took care of him. I guess it was better with him then anyone else. At least he would treat her with respect and all. I fell on my bed and soon began to drift to sleep. Yeah my life was good. But there was still one thing missing. A baby. I still hadn't been able to solve my problem. I had tried to not phase. I had hoped that since vampire women could not have kids because their bodies did not age maybe if I stopped phasing then my biological clock would start ticking again. No such luck. I wasn't going to let that get me down. I wasn't going to stay the same old bitter harpy who moaned about her shitty life. I was slowly coming to term about a babyless life. My love life had been a little better. I have had a few flings, nothing beyond a summer romance with some studs from California who were nice but not the kind of guys I wanted to settle with. Thought finding a guy would be tricky since I couldn't have kids. Let's face, sooner or later a man will want to have babies. So what use would they have with a woman who can not have any. I banished those thought from my mind. I would not go to sleep with them, they would haunt me in my dreams and I would wake up grumpy. I would think about the obstacles I have over come and the hardships I have endured that made me stronger. Like the great wolf I was, I would go on. I dreamed I was in a vast meadow. Hundreds of different kinds of flowers grew here. Their sweet perfume filled the air. This is what I needed, a nice dream. A happy place free from the darkness that followed me. "Hello daughter." I turned around and found myself face to face with a naked woman. She had long black hair and white paint on her body. She had very big hips and breasts. She wasn't fat, but she wasn't fit either. "Okay, naked women in my dream. Must be Brady, he has a thing for big women," I said. The woman chuckled. "I am more then a dream child. I am the spirit of the earth and I have come to give you a gift." Okay, spirit of the earth. Obviously I have been reading to many fantasy books. But hey, what the hell, I will go with it. "What kind of gift?" I asked. She walked over to me and took my hand in hers. "You are a strong woman Leah Clearwater. You have endured much and come out stronger for it. But you still have a lot to come. Your time is nigh and you must be ready. The gift I give you will give you what you want. But at a price I am afraid. No gift is for free. There are dark times ahead and you are needed to secure your tribes future. In accepting this gift you will also accept the responsibility that goes with it." "Look lady, this is just a dream so I will take what ever you have to offer." She just smiled. "Remember you said yes." She opened her mouth and a vibrant green mist came floating out. It flew through the air and floated into my mouth and nostrils. It tasted and smelled like spring. "The gift is received. Now awake daughter and begin to fulfill your role." I awoke. "What an odd dream." I got up and stretched. I went to go get a shower. As I walked into the bathroom and looked into the mirror I noticed something odd. My skin was smooth and flawless, not a single flaw or blemish marked it. It even had a sheen to it, a kind of luster. My hair was thicker and my eyes a deeper shade of black. Even my bosom seemed different, bigger. "Odd," I said. I took a quick shower and went downstairs. Seth was making breakfast. He turned to look at me and frowned. "Morning Seth," I said. "Morning Leah." He handed me the large plate of eggs, bacon and toast and I thanked him. As I ate I was aware he was looking at me funny. "What is it?" I asked. "Leah...have you been working out or something?" he asked. "What do you mean?" "You look different. Kind like Bella after she became a vampire." "Okay, first of all yes I have noticed. Second of all don't ever compare me to Swan!" I said hotly. "I am just saying Leah. Even your sent is different. You smell like spring time." "Spring time?" "Yeah, you know when all the flowers are blooming and the sun is shining and the air is cool but comfortable." I shrugged. "Maybe it is a wolf thing. The men get all tall and beefy and I get more sexy." "Maybe. So what are you doing today?" he asked. "I got to go to work at the pharmacy," I said. "I thought you had the day off?" "I did but someone had to call off and they asked me to come in. More money for me." Seth smiled. He walked over to me and He hugged me around the shoulders. "I am happy for you Leah. You have come a long way." "Thanks Seth," I said. We ate our breakfast together and After that I got ready for work. As I drove to Forks listening to some tunes I smiled to myself. Yeah, my life was so much better now. Nothing could possible go wrong. Shit I hope I didn't just jynx myself. Seth P.O.V After Leah left Collin and Brady arrived. Despite the fact we were in different packs we were still good friends. We were going to play Halo and talk about life after school. I was going to graduate this year but they still had one more year to go. I was planning on going to college in Seattle, that way I would be close to home in case I was needed and I could find a better job then I could around here. I heard them coming from the woods long before they got to the house. Of all the werewolves I had the best hearing. Jared had the best eyesight and Leah was the fastest runner. I always prided myself on my hearing, just as Leah did with her speed. Collin and Brady walked in without knocking. I wasn't bothered. All the wolves were like one giant family. My house is your house as the old saying goes. "Hey guys," I said. "Hey," Brady said. "S'up?" Collin said. Suddenly they stopped. They began to sniff at the air, big goofy grins appeared on their faces. "Dude what is that smell?" Brady asked. "What smell?" "Is that Leah? Damn is she smelling fine!" Collin said. "Dude not this again," I said. Collin still had a major crush on Leah. Even before he became a werewolf he thought she was the most beautiful women in the world. Even when she was going through her mean and nasty phase he still crushed on her, but he also developed a healthy amount of fear of her as well. "It is Leah, shit man what perfume is she wearing?" Brady asked. "You guys smell it too?" I asked. They began to move around the house. First to the kitchen then to the bathroom. I was shocked when they went