Breaking Dawn Extended Fusedtwilight: So it's been over a year since part 2 came out and although I did like (especially the fight scene!) I could not help by wonder why certain characters were not included. Like Renata and Chelsea, they were removed and instead we got a very useless pair of characters in the French coven who were mere cannon fodder for the fight. Neither had any speaking lines and neither had no real role in the story. I mean how did they expect Aro to bind Alice to his coven without Chelsea? So I did my own version which is just like the movie except Renata and Chelsea are added in and Kachiri because the Amazons are cool and the more the better. I added some more dialogue from the book into this to help with the transition. We opened our home to eighteen vampires. Many with gifts of their own. Edward and I stood outside with Senna, Kachiri and Zafrina. Zafrina had power over the mind. She could make anyone see what she wanted them too. Right now she was giving us a demonstration of her power. She stared at us, her face both impassive and yet somehow fierce. The Amazons were some of the most feral vampires I had ever met, but of the three Zafrina scared me the most. Edward smiled as he looked up, his eyes darting around. I looked up, trying to see what it was he was seeing but to my confusion I saw nothing. Was she not using her power on me? Or maybe she could only use it on one person at a time? The Amazons smiled, friendly yet still fierce looking. "If you weren't holding my hand right now I could swear this was real," Edward finally said. "I don't see anything," I commented. The Amazons shared surprised looks then focused their attention on me. I fought the uneasy feeling in my stomach at their looks. In a way I had to envy them. It was not a supernatural talent that inspired such respect but just a natural result of their own wild nature. Eleazar walked over to us. "Edward, you didn't tell me your wife was a shield," he said. Edward looked from him to me, realization blossomed in his beautiful face. "Whats a shield?" I asked. "The one I met was so different," he said. "It's a defensive talent," Eleazar spoke. All of our attention was on him now. The Amazons seemed just as interested as I was. Edward told me they never left their home in the rain forest so they interacted with vampires less then they did with humans. Their solitary life ensured not many knew of their existence. It was only by chance the Cullens met them when they were in the Pantanal Wetlands looking for new game to hunt in the nineteen-forties. I was sure they were interested to learn more about the gifts of our kind as I was. The only term I ever heard used to describe a gifted vampire was tracker. Like James or Demetri. I never thought of other such classifications that would describe a gift. "Its the reason why I couldn't read your mind. Even before. Even Aro couldn't," Edward said. I recalled with a shudder when I first met Aro and the Volturi. How he took my hand to read my mind, curious to see if my mind was as immune to his gift as it was to Edward's. Then he had Jane try and use her power on me. I quickly tried to forget what happened next. Not wanting to recall seeing Edward writhing on the floor and the helpless feeling of being unable to stop it. "You have a very powerful gift," Eleazar said sagely. Suddenly I felt someone grab my hand. I turned to see Kate holding my hand. Garrett, Carlisle, Tanya and Carmen were right behind her. "Oh yeah, she's a shield alright. That should have put her on her ass." She let go of my hand and Edward gave her a stern look. "Or your voltage has been exaggerated," Garrett said. Kate turned to face him, raising her palm. "Maybe it only works on the weak." The challenge was clear. She wiggled her fingers and grinned. Garrett was unable to resist and stepped forward, extending his hand. We all watched, some with knowing smirks at what was about to happen. "Garrett I wouldn't," Carlisle cautioned with a grin. The second his finger touched her palm he let out a his of pain, his whole stiffened and he fell to the ground on his knees. He lifted his head and smiled at her. "You are an amazing woman." Kate just smiled right back at him. I turned to Edward. "Who is this other shield you mentioned?" "Renata. But what she does is so different. It's why I never suspected you were a shield." "Who is Renata? What does she do?" "Renata is Aro's personal bodyguard," Eleazar told me. "A very practical kind of shield and a very strong one. If someone approaches her-or Aro, as she is always close beside him in a hostile situation-they find themselves...diverted. There's a force around her that repels, though it's almost unnoticeable. You simply find yourself going in a different direction then you planned, with a confused memory of why you wanted to go in the other direction in the first place. She can project her power several meters from herself. She also protects Caius and Marcus,too, when they have a need, but Aro is her priority." "So what she does isn't physical? It's just mental? if she tried to keep me back would she be able to do it?" I asked. He shook his head. "I have never heard of Aro or Jane's gifts being thwarted. We can never really know unless we test it." Edward took my hand in his. "We can only hope it will not come to that." We shared a look. The only reason I would have to test my shield against Renata's was if I had to attack Aro. And the only reason that would happen is if our plane to convince the Volturi to listen to us failed. The very thought made me shudder. The arrival of the Romanians Stefan and Vladimir although not exactly welcome did help give us some insight to the true meaning of the Volturi coming here. When they made mention of Aro's witnesses Eleazar seemed both shocked and understanding. We were all in the house now. Listening to what he had to say. "When Aro wants someone from a coven it's never long before evidence turns up proving that coven had committed some crime," he explained. "So he has done this before?" I asked. "It happened so rarely. I never realized it was a pattern." "Apparently he always pardons one person whose thoughts he claims is repentant," Carlisle said. "This person always has an ability," Eleazar said, "and their always given a place with the guard." I wondered if he had done this with all his talented guards. Surly some came willingly for the prestige of joining the invincible Volturi. But how many had he forced to join? But another question had formed in my mind. How had he gotten them to join? Not only that but how a such a large coven able to coexist? With the Cullen's and our cousins the Denali it was easy thanks to our diet. But red eyes vampires were more feral, wild, blood thirsty. Three in a coven was considered large. Did Aro have a vampire who like Jasper possessed a gift that allowed them to live together more peacefully? I was so engrossed in my own thoughts I did not notice Eleazar and Edward were having a private conversation. "Can you think of one exception though?" Edward asked. "But if your right-" Eleazar began. "Explain," Tanya said. "There is one amongst the guard. Her name is Chelsea. She has influence over the emotional ties between people. She can both loosen and secure them. She could make someone feel bonded to the Volturi, want to please, want to belong." "How strong is her gift?" Tanya asked. Eleazar shrugged. " I was able to leave with Carmen." Then he shook his head. "But anything weaker then the bond of partners is in danger. But those are weaker bonds in other covens. Our abstinence from human blood allows us to develop true bonds of love and affection. I doubt she could so easily tear us apart Tanya." Suddenly it made sense. How Aro could get any vampire her wanted to join. How he could trust a person whose coven he destroyed enough to live in his own home. I had been right about him having such a gifted guard. This Chelsea used her power to bind the guards to the Volturi. To enslave them. To make them so loyal. "This is about Alice, he has no one like her," Edward said. "Which is why she left," I said. Had she seen a future where Aro stripped her of her will and added her to his collection? Had she seen Edward and me as well? Jasper too? Because if Alice joined the Volturi he would surly go with her as I would if Edward were to join. The image of Alice and Edward wearing the dark cloaks of the guard, their eyes now rose red filled me with such dread. "Then why does he need witnesses?" Emmett asked. "To spread the word justice has been served," Alistair said. "After he slaughters an entire coven." The room was deathly silent. The only heart beat in the room was Jake's. Amun moved from the wall to walk over to Benjamin and Tia. "Benjamin, Tia. We're leaving," he stated. Already it had begun. Even without Chelsea here the bonds were breaking. I could see it spreading already. The looks of uncertainty and defeat amongst our allies. I didn't blame them. We thought all we had to fear was Jane and her power. But what was more terrifying? The physical sensation of your body on fire or your very will being reshaped? "And where will you go?" Edward asked. "What makes you think they will be satisfied with Alice? Whats to stop them from going after Benjamin next? Or Zafrina or Kate or anyone else with a gift. Anyone they want." Kate looked to her sister, a look of dread. All the vampires focused on Edward now as he spoke. "There goal isn't punishment. It's power, it's acquisition. Carlisle might not ask you to fight but I will. For the sake of my family but also for yours. And for the way you want to live." The room was quiet. A lot of looks were being exchanged between the vampires and their covens. Some seemed to agree with Edward, but some still seemed to have reservations. I looked at Jake as he stood up. "The packs will fight. We've never been afraid of vampires," he said. His voice was strong and confident. I smiled at him. He had come a long way from that boy I knew from my youth. He was an alpha now. A leader. Confidence poured off him in waves. Tanya and the other women from Denali stood up. "We will fight," Tanya spoke. "This won't be the first time I fought a kings rule," Garrett said. "We'll join you," Benjamin said. Amun look at Benjamin, his face fearful. Fearful at the thought of loosing Benjamin and his gift to Aro. "No!" Benjamin looked at Amun with a calm yet determined look. "I will do the right thin Amun. You may do as you please." Tia smiled at Benjamin and Amun looked angry but said nothing else. I stood up and looked around. The doubt and uncertainty was fading, leaving nothing determination in it's wake. "We will stand with you," Senna said. The Irish coven all stood. "So will we," Siobhan said.