Author's note: This is a casual fanfic I wrote during my finals week when my brain needed a break. I am not a professional author, I am not pretending to be one. I simply enjoy writing and had an easy outlet with the stress of my exams. I don't know if it is worth writing more, at this time that choice is entirely up to the people who read this. I welcome constructive criticism, I tried to keep the tone of the piece as similar to Ms. Rowling herself. Apologies for any spelling and grammar errors. Mischief Managed If he was being really honest with himself, really truly honest, Sirius was growing tired of Wormtail. It was not his ineptitudes in the classroom, or his continuously deteriorating appearance, it was just the whining. James had Lily now, and it was of Pettigrew's belief that if he too had a girlfriend, his life would be elevated to the status of the head boy's. Of course he would never tell Peter, or any of the Marauders. It was their senior year, Remus was almost free of the scrutiny of Hogwarts's parents, and they wouldn't need Wormtail to prod the Whomping Willow to stash away their friend, he could just find a big open field or something. Sirius could stick out a bit of petty jealousy for Remus's sake. "Oi, Potter," Sirius nudged his best friend, who had been staring lovingly at Lily's profile like an idiot. "Hm?" James twitched and turned to face Sirius. They were waiting in the Defense of Dark Arts classroom for their new professor to arrive, "Do you think she got it?" Sirius grinned wickedly "Got what?" Lily asked, giving James a look Sirius was beginning to associate more and more with his mother. "Nothing darling," James smiled quickly, "Nothing darliiiiing," Sirius mocked "It doesn't sound like nothing," Lily pointed her chin at Sirius, "what are you two playing at-" The door to the back of the classroom snapped open, and in trotted a very breathless, very wet young woman. Sirius and James grinned manically at each other. "Hey, sorry everybody, just a sec" The bedraggled woman muttered as she strode hastily to the front of the classroom, her boots squishing a wet march rhythm. She reached the front and dumped a pile of massive books on the professor's desk. She then whirled around, curly hair flinging water droplets everywhere, and faced at the class of seventh years, makeup running slightly. "Good morning everyone!" The young professor said, slightly out of breath, "I apologize for my tardiness, my room was flooded," Sirius and James simultaneously collapsed in a fit of giggles. "James!" Lily hissed, slapping her boyfriend on the shoulder, James looked at her, his eyes swimming with tears, lip quivering with suppressed laughter. Lily bit back the slightest of grins at the sight of her boyfriend's mirth, then pointed to the back of the classroom. Professor McGonagall was surveying their new professor from the doorway, lips already pursed. James swallowed his laughter and motioned for Sirius to look. Sirius caught Remus's eye from the desk behind him. Remus gave a good-natured sigh and eye roll at Sirius's prank. Upon introduction of the new DADA teacher last night in the Great Hall, and her inaugural speech, making a light joke on the perpetually rainy weather of England, Sirius and James had charmed a tiny cloud from the Great Hall's ceiling to her office, sputtering all manner of inclement weather. It wasn't their best work, but it was their first day back, this was a warm up. Sirius was eager to see how far they could push the envelope this year. It would be difficult with Potter falling further head-over-heals for Lily by the minute, and Remus's unfortunate new habit of worrying over his WOMBATs, but Sirius was still confident they could pull off a spectacular seventh year. "These insane clouds you have in your hall," The professor continued as she wrung out her hair, rainwater piddling on the floor about her boots, "One must have gotten lost and stuck in my office. I came in this morning to find it dumping hail and sleet all over my floor! I didn't have time to get into the professor's costume, I just barely saved my notes from drowning, so, sorry for the informal get up." She spoke in a rapid American accent. The entire class gave a courtesy giggle. Their new professor shrugged off her leather jacket to reveal a tight black t-shirt only barely concealing ample breasts. "Mate," Sirius leaned back and tapped Moony's desk, "Ever seen a pair like that in London?" he grinned "Pervert," Lily hissed. Remus flushed and shook his head rapidly, "They don't make them that big in London, you need to go to Brazil," James added, earning another disapproving smack on the shoulder from Lily. He responded by quickly kissing her hand and winking. At the front of the room the new professor snapped both of her fingers and her entire body steamed for few seconds, thoroughly drying her clothes. There was an impressed whisper from a few of the students. Another snap and her makeup retreated up her face to its proper resting place on her eyelids. The new professor tugged her now dried and frizzy curls into a haphazard bun atop her head and nodded to herself, satisfied. "Let me preface this class with an important rule: as evidenced by my entrance today, there are undoubtedly going to be distractions and circumstances, forces of nature, that will prevent you from arriving exactly where you need to be at exactly when you need to be. I understand that. So if any of you are ever late to my class, do not take that as a signal to skip the entire session, I will be just as understanding, so long as you have a decent excuse." More mummers from the class. "So!" the professor spun to face the chalkboard, "My name is Abigael Allrisen," She scrawled her name in large white letters, "Your new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. I respond to 'Abigael' or 'Abs', but I prefer that my students refer to me as Abigael-" "Professor," McGonagall interrupted from the back of the classroom. The entire class turned to face their house head. "Pardon?" Abigael asked, the class's head swiveling back, "Here in Hogwarts, students refer to their teachers as professor. I don't want my house getting the wrong idea that they may refer to any of their instructors on such-" McGonagall stared directly at the three marauders, "casual terms," Sirius half-winced half-grinned. "Oh, uh, alright then!" Abigael clapped her hands together, "You may refer to me as Professor Allrisen. As you can all see, Professor McGonagall is joining us today, she has been very kind and offered to assist me in my transition to your country and introduction to the faculty. I only landed in England a few days ago, and arrived at Hogwarts the morning before your train." Something about the terse expression on McGonagall's face strongly suggested to Sirius that her service had not been assigned voluntarily. Still, Sirius was admittedly a little impressed. He had suffered six different DADA professors in his time, all men. None were particularly bad per say, but none had grabbed his attention like this one. "Just a little bit about myself:" Allrisen continued, "I am 21 years young as of next week, from what I understand I'm actually the youngest defense against the dark arts professor Hogwarts has had in several generations. I am a virgo for those of you who care. I am obviously, from America, where I studied at Illvermorny. Following an early graduation, I traversed that great nation as a guard, tamer of beasts and handler of rare artifacts for the famed Ringling Brothers' Circus. I enjoy good music, a hearty meal, and modern cinematography. Finally, I am here to teach you all how to protect yourselves from dark forces. From what I understand-" Professor Allrisen glanced and McGonagall, who gave the tiniest of nods, "Now more than ever, young people need that," A shiver ran through the seventh-year gryffindors. You Know Who was in the Prophet every other day, the dark mark was cropping up in every photo. Adverts for missing persons were starting to grow in size and number. Sirius clenched his jaw at the thought of his brother and his cousin, running around with that lot, cursing everything they could get their hands on. To Sirius's left, James gave Lily's hand a soft squeeze. "I was brought in for a very specific reason that I left out of my speech last night for the sake of the youngsters, but you guys are my advanced class, almost legal adults. You all are more than capable of hearing the truth, and frankly, you need to know it to understand the seriousness with which I take with this course," Allrisen began slowly pacing the front of the hall, that atmosphere growing grim. "It is of the belief of your headmaster, that in these troubling times, ulterior methods of self-defense may become necessary." there were a few nods of agreement, "While your wand is your key to magic, it should not also be a lock on your magical capacities." A few students glanced around nervously, "Wands can be stolen, wands can be broken, god forbid either. But in that relatively likely event, you should not be rendered powerless, or count on the availability of another wand to function perfectly." "Which!" Allrisen brightened suddenly, "Is the exact reason I'm here! To teach you all new kinds of magic specifically without a wand, new tricks that can come in handy in a pinch. As an American, I was educated in a very different manner of magic that focuses heavily on these practices. The American culture is built differently than here, and consequentially, our magic was too. "We'll keep things simple today with a quick history lesson. Can anybody tell me anything about America's birth?" Every head in the room turned to Lily Evans. Lily raised her hand grudgingly, "You're the smart one here aren't you?" Professor Allrisen observed, "Miss-" "Evans, Lily Evans," Lily said, blushing a little, "America was founded in 1776 with the signing of the-" "I'm so sorry to interrupt you miss Evans," Professor Allrisen cut over her, "but I asked for America's birth, not its foundation," many of the students' eyes widened. The first day of class, and the head girl had already given an incorrect answer. Even McGonagall arched an eyebrow, "Oh," Lily said quietly, "Not that you didn't do a lovely job," Allrisen said hastily, sensing her student's dejection, "I am very impressed that you knew about another country's history, lord knows I don't," Lily did not look much encouraged, "Y'know what? Just for knowing the year? Ten points to Gryffindor!" Allrisen announced. Lily brightened a little, "Can we try again? Do you know anything from before the Revolution? Who were the first people England sent over there?" "The original settlers of America included pilgrims seeking religious freedom, Dutch trading companies, and Atlantic plantation companies who had exhausted the nearby Caribbean region's resources," Lily said, reciting some line she had read in some book somewhere late at night probably, "Another ten points to Gryffindor!" Allrisen declared, "five more if you can tell me who was already there when Europeans got there," Lily raised her hand again, encouraged by the growing animation of their professor, "The American Indians were already there," she added. "American Indians is a bit of a misnomer, but you have the right idea," Allrisen nodded, "five more points! For future reference please refer to the indigenous peoples of America as Native Americas. We call them Indians because the European explorers thought they had reached the other side of India in circumnavigating the globe, and didn't think to ask," The class chuckled at this. Allrisen turned to the chalkboard and wrote "Puritans, Native Americans, slaves" "The