Warning: Several shared memories will contain disciplinary spanking; some harsh, some very mild. If you find this offensive, please don't stress yourself by reading this. There are many other stories on this site to be enjoyed. Disclaimer: Well, as much as I wish this wasn't the case, all of the wonderful recognizable characters are not mine. They are merely on loan from the very gracious Stephenie Meyer. I promise not to harm them in any way... not in this story at least. AN: Meet my Nanowrimo achievement. Sorry to have gone MIA for the last month, but I took up the challenge to write 50,000 words in 30 days. I'm happy to announce that I've succeeded, so my holiday gift to my wonderful readers is complete. I hope that you all will enjoy this trip down memory lane with our little vampire family. What started as a simply plot bunny born out of "Some Memories Never Fade", has really grown. Now, I do know that the pain of the transformation is reported to obliterate a vampires human memories, but out Cullens seem to be the exception to that rule anyway given that they appear to have retained quite a bit of information pertaining to their backgrounds. With that in mind, I took the ball and ran with it. Thank you all for your patience and support. Y'all are the best! Special thanks to my beta Splinter and my friends, proof-readers, muses etc. Jasper1863Hale, Cullen1007, rubyblue100, and edwardian1901. I would not have made it through this without all of you. *hugs* So without further ado... Please enjoy. Carlisle sat and watched the fire dancing over the hearth while the snow outside billowed and swirled on the evening breeze. His family had gathered together as they had for nearly every Christmas eve. Tonight there would be no video games or television distractions. It was just time for the family to share in the joy of the season while they slowed down, reflected on their good fortune, and simply enjoyed each other's company. Usually they would sing songs, exchange stories and play games much like humans had done back in his day long before the pace of life quickened and commercialism claimed the holiday. The only thing that would be missing from their celebration was the feasts their human companions indulged in during the seasonal festivities. During the twelve days between Christmas and the Feast of the Epiphany, Carlisle preferred to fast; not wishing to bring harm to any living being during this festival of light, hope and peace. While he never imposed this particular philosophy on his family, as a whole, the Cullens generally followed the example set by the patriarch and refrained from hunting for the duration of Christmas. Their family feast on the sixth of January was inevitably more fun and exciting after proving to each other that they all possessed the willpower to abstain for those twelve days. The doctor inwardly sighed at a memory from some years ago when Emmett and Jasper had turned the twelve day fast into a real competition. They taunted, tempted and teased each other until Carlisle was finally forced to step in and demand that they both feed just to put an end to their foolishness. This had happened during the first few years after Jasper and Alice had joined his family, and the soldier's restraint had not been as strong as it was now. Luckily, the children were still out of school for the holidays when the contest hit the point that required his intervention. Carlisle shuddered to think about what could have happened if classes had resumed before the Texan's thirst had been quenched. Later that evening, the patriarch sat down with his boys to discuss the foolhardiness of their game. When he was done, both promised to never go down that path again, but every Christmas the contest renewed itself just the same. They were a bit more low-keyed now, but his boys could never allow an opportunity to challenge one another pass them by. "Yo, Jazzman. Hope you tanked up last night because it's gonna be a long two weeks." "You just worry about yourself, Em. I'm gonna be just fine, but you know I've seen a few bears prowling around just calling your name. Looks like not all of them have denned up for winter. Imagine that. It's like nature herself has taken pity on you and decided to drop a couple of holiday gifts at your door before she hides that tasty treat away until Spring. It is such a shame that you can't enjoy them." A cocky smirk crossed the southerner's face, and his eyes twinkled at hearing his brother groan. "Jasper Cullen, you didn't disturb those bears did you?" Esme asked in a sharp tone as she settled down on the sofa next to her mate. "I would never do such a thing, Momma," Jasper answered while pressing his hand to his chest, totally affronted by the mere suggestion that he would take part in such an underhanded act. "Jasper," Carlisle raised a brow as he caught his son's eye. The boy's expression turned a touch sheepish, but he still grinned. "I might have knocked against a tree or two accidentally while I was out for a run." "That will be enough of that, young man," his mother scolded. "You'll leave those animals alone. You know that it isn't healthy for them to be disturbed during their winter hibernation." "I think it's healthy enough as long as Em is laying off the bear juice," the boy replied with a bit of sass and a grin that had melted many a heart. Esme narrowed her eyes at her southern soldier, letting her expression convey much more than her words ever could. Catching on quickly to his mother's displeasure, Jasper dipped his head apologetically. "Yes, Ma'am. Don't disturb the bears for their good and mine," he muttered softly while pulling Alice into his lap before quickly changing the subject. "So what shall we do? I'm kinda in the mood for a story or two." "That sounds like a wonderful idea," Esme quickly agreed. "Carlisle, why don't you start us off?" "A story? Hmm. What sort of a story?" "You know I've always wondered what happened to all that money. How about that?" All eyes in the room turned to the bruin who hunkered down on the couch opposite of his parents. "What money, Emmy?" Rose inquired. "Jesus' savings fund. You know, the coin he got from those wise dudes. He never appeared to have any money with the walking everywhere and eating bread and fish. You would think that he could have done better for himself than that, though the water into wine thing was a pretty rockin' trick. Being able to tie one on must have taken the apostles' minds off of their aching feet," Emmett shared as he nodded. "So what did Joseph do with all that gold? Do you think he squandered it away on booze and broads? That doesn't seem very saintly, but it had to have gone somewhere. It couldn't have just disappeared unless those royal dudes gave 'em fake gold. You know, something like foil wrapped chocolate coins or something. Those would have melted away in that desert heat." "I never even thought about that, Emmett," Carlisle admitted. "I really have no idea." "A preacher's son is supposed to know all about those religious things, Pops." "Sorry to have disappointed you, son, but that wasn't something my father taught." "Maybe you could call up Aro or Caius. They lived back then. They're sure to have the lowdown." Carlisle closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead, before finally looking back at this curious boy. "Em, I don't believe that they moved in the same circles as the holy family. Aro may be the lord of his manor and we all know that Marcus is a saint." Carlisle coughed lightly to cover his blasphemy before clearing his throat to continue. "But, I feel safe in saying that they didn't find themselves in the Holy Land during that period in history." "Yeah, probably not. I guess they had more important things on their minds than attending the Jesus World Tour," the bruin conceded in a disappointed tone. "I bet I know what he did with it!" Edward interjected with a grin. "Carpenter's tools don't come cheap, Em. The money probably all went towards start up cost for the family business." "Nah. Since he was a carpenter, he would have made his own tools instead of going down to the local hardware store to buy them." "How would he have cut them out and fastened them together without some sort of other tools?" Edward challenged. "He would have just... Say, Eddie, you could be right, but then we are right back to the question of what happened to the moola?" "Maybe Joseph made a couple of bad investments and lost it all in the great stock market crash of A.D. Four," Rose suggested as she rubbed her husband's shoulder. "Oh, man, I didn't know they had a crash back then. Wouldn't you think that God would have given them tips so they could have yanked the cash out in time. Looks like they could have used an Alice to keep the finances straight." Alice giggled at her silly brother while her mate rolled his eyes before clearing his throat. "Papa, I have an idea. Some time back you promised me a story about a certain young hell raising Cullen. If it wouldn't make you too uncomfortable, maybe you can share a story from your boyhood? A Christmas story, perhaps? Do you remember celebrating Christmas back in the day?" Carlisle gave a short snort as he glanced down at his hands for a couple of seconds before looking back up at his family. "I do indeed, Jasper, but it's funny that you bring that up because one of the incidents that I referred to took place during the holiday season. It was certainly a memorable Christmas, though I would have liked it to have been a little more joyful." Inhaling deeply, the patriarch chewed on his bottom lip reflectively then nodded. "I'll share a Christmas tale, but I think that it's only fair that all of you do the same. We could all do with hearing some happy memories after enduring a story about my human life, so that will be the deal. A story for a story. Agreed?" A round of affirmations came from the gathering while they focused intently on their leader. The doctor leaned back into the cradling sofa cushion as his mate placed a light hand on his knee to offer her silent support. Giving Esme a gentle smile, Carlisle shifted around and pulled her to lean against him so he could wrap his arms around his treasure. The thought of sharing a glimpse of this past with anyone was frightening, but this was his family. Over the decades they had shared much of their histories with him, both the good and bad. He had never judged them, and there was no reason to believe that they would treat him any differently, but the lingering fear of being shunned was something he had never managed to completely resolve. The complete attention currently shown by his children was reason enough to tackle this demon. It was obvious to the very private man that his family wanted to know him better and he would be a hypocrite to deny them. A glimpse through the window of his soul would be the strangest Christmas gift that he had ever passed out, but with the strength of his mate's love to ground him, he would survive. Closing his eyes for a moment, he began to fall back through the ages to a point in time when a young boy who knew little of the world was still able to get caught up in the joy and