Warnings: Actually... none. Imagine that. How shocking, though I guess this should come with a 'don't try this at home' warning. Disclaimer: Sadly, I don't hold any claim on these characters. They are only borrowed from the most generous Stephenie Meyer. All will be returned in the same condition that I've found them, and this time they really will be no worse for wear. AN: Just another one of Emmett's misadventures that was accepted into a collection to raise money for Toys for Tots with the hope of brightening a needy child's Christmas. It really is an excellent cause. When it was suggested that I might want to look into writing something for it, I jumped at the chance and Emmett jumped at the chance of being the star. Seems he was very eager to make the little ones happy as well. This story is entirely his fault, so you know where to take the complaints. *nods* Well, it might not be entirely Emmy's fault considering that it was Jasper1863Hale who pointed me in the direction of the project. She also lent me a great deal of support along with her beta-ing and banner making skills. This would not have come about without her. Love ya, chick. *hugs* Hope you all enjoy. Now let the silliness ensue. "It will be great! Come on, guys. You know you want to do it," Emmett cajoled. The bearish boy was lying on the couch with his feet over the back, his head hanging off the cushion, causing him to view his video game upside down for an additional challenge. "Just think about how much fun it will be, not to mention all the joy we'll be spreading. We're talking Christmas: peace on Earth and good will to all men." The sounds of electronic explosions and general mayhem did very little to convince the siblings of their brother's altruistic plan. "Good will doesn't generally consist of breaking and entering, Em," Jasper muttered from his spot on the floor, where he was picking off the nearest mindless zombie that shuffled towards his rifle fire. "Things that get your butt tossed in jail are, by their very nature, considered bad. You lookin' to get coal and switches in your stocking this year? Cause I'm telling you right now that I sure as hell ain't." "Coal and switches?" The bruin laughed while he shrugged off the thought."Like that would happen. You worry too damn much, Jazzman. This will be a piece of cake. We would just be picking up Santa's slack. The only reason we'd be going into people's houses is to leave things. Stealing is wrong and that's what lands you behind bars, but giving is good. This is the season for giving after all. What could be better than giving presents to some little kids who aren't gonna have a merry Christmas because their parents don't have enough to make it happen?" "I know that your intentions are good, honey, we all know that, but the problem is that what you're suggesting is still an illegal activity. Even if you're not stealing, you're trespassing. The police don't care what you're doing in someone else's house on Christmas Eve, they will still lock you up," Rosalie commented as she continued to address the family's Christmas cards. "They don't lock Santa up." "Em, I hate to be the one to have to tell you this, but Santa Claus is a myth." Edward joined the conversation from his perch on the piano bench while he continued to entertain the group with some festive tunes. "If he wasn't, we wouldn't even be having this conversation." The bronze haired boy's brow furrowed in thought for a second before he added, "And I believe they even made a few holiday movies that disprove your argument." "Movies? Pfft. What do they know? We're talking about real life here, Eddie, not some silly Hollywood make believe. Even so, there should be a Santa. He's the spirit of Christmas," the boy countered. "The belief that the little ankle biters have in him is what keeps the magic of the holiday alive. That right there should be reason enough for us to do this. We're not only going to be making a bunch of kiddos happy, but we're actually helping to save Christmas by keeping their belief in that rotund elf alive." "We could make cookies and leave them with the toys. Who doesn't like cookies for Christmas?" Rosalie's mouth fell open while she threw a glance in her sister's direction, and Jasper dropped his game controller in his lap to cradled his head in his hands. "Alice," the soldier muttered softly. "Hummingbird, you can't seriously be considering this harebrained idea. You can see what's going to happen. I don't have second sight, but I can picture the five of us spending Christmas together down at the Forks Police Station in a six by eight cell. I don't know about the rest of you, but as much as I love this family, that's a little too close for comfort, not to mention what will happen when Papa finds out. It won't exactly be chestnuts roasting on that open fire." "It won't be that bad, Jazzy, and it will be fun. We'd be bringing so much happiness to those little ones that it will all be worth it. Daddy wouldn't stay mad after he realizes all the good that we accomplished." "You have a lot more faith in Carlisle's compassion than I do, sugarplum." "Ah, you guys are scared because you think we'll get caught. There's no way. You keep forgetting what we are. We're wicked fast. We can be in and out of a house with toys..." "And cookies." Emmett gave a little nod, motioning towards his only sensible sibling while he continued to fire off shots at the reanimated corpses. "And cookies, before a normal person can bat an eye. We just need to figure out which houses have the neediest kids, and then devise a plan to break into them. I don't think any of us, with the possible exception of Alice, is going to fit down a chimney." "Eww. I don't want to get all sooty," the pixie complained. "Besides, I have a better idea. I can pick the door locks to get us all in." Jasper glanced away from the television screen to stare at his mate with a dumbfounded expression. "How...? You know what? I don't even want to know how or why you came about that skill." "A girl never shares all of her secrets," Alice quipped while turning her attention to the laptop screen to start a search for holiday cookie recipes. "See? That's perfect! Now all we have to do is send Eddie out to do his mind magic and find out what the less fortunate kids want and we'll make it happen. What could be simpler? Seriously, guys, this is a piece of cake. You can't say 'no' now. The plan is all worked out and totally flawless. Nothing can go wrong." Jasper snorted derisively. "Oh sure, Em. We've never heard that statement before. That's become your equivalent of the human's 'here, hold my beer.' Every single time your dumbass comes up with a plan, the rest of us end up paying for it with a strip of our hides. Well, this old boy knows better. You do what you want, but I won't be party to it." "You know, Jazzman, I always forget how much my brilliant ideas scare you. Must be a shame to have to wallow in all that fear when you could be stepping up to embrace the challenge like a real man." "Not going to work this time, Em. Sorry, chief. Everyone in this room knows that I'm not a coward, so you might as well just drop it cause that ain't going to do you a lick of good," Jasper stated matter-of-factly as he leaned back against the coffee table and stretched his legs out. Putting the computer down, Alice slipped off of her chair to join her mate on the floor. Wrapping her arm around his neck, the pixie kissed Jasper's cheek. "You're right, Jazzy. You are very brave, and that's why we need you to come with us to keep us safe. You can't let Emmy and I go out there by ourselves. Who knows what sort of trouble we'll run into. I need my gallant, fearless soldier by my side to look after me." When Jasper's character on the screen faltered, his wife took the controller from his hands and placed it on the table before curling up in his lap. Running a finger along his lips, Alice pouted while giving Jasper a look that could melt the hardest heart. "You promised to always protect me. You can't very well do that from home." Jasper groaned softly and closed his eyes before he spoke again. "I can do that just fine if you stay home with me like a sensible person." "Jazzy, you're not being fair." "Yeah, come on, Jasper. What's your beef about helping to make some little kids happy?" Emmett huffed as he paused the game. "You were a little kid once. Don't you remember what Christmas is all about and how excited it would make you? It doesn't take much to make a child happy. I can remember getting excited about having some candy and an orange in my stocking. It's the excitement of discovery and a little pay off for being good." "And what about the naughty children? Ya gonna be able to tell 'em apart?" "There's no such thing as a naughty kid at Christmas. They are all on their toes trying to be really good for Santa. I know I always was. I'd play tricks and get into trouble on Halloween, ask for forgiveness during Thanksgiving, and then be on my best behavior through New Years." "All the way through New Years, Emmy? That must have been difficult for you," Rose said with a smile. "Oh it was, believe me, but my mom used to say that Santa was still keeping an eye on me until the baby new year was born, and if I acted up, he'd realize that he made a mistake by leaving presents at a naughty boy's house. To make it right, he would come back to gather up what he'd given me and re-gift them to some kid that really was well behaved. Thank God that never happened, but I was often left wondering how he planned on getting the candy back." Jasper lowered his head and rubbed his eyes as he muttered to himself, "Please make it stop." Finally drawing a breath, the soldier looked from his mate to his husky brother before inquiring hesitantly, "Exactly why are y'all hell bent on doing this?" "Because of the little boy," Emmett answered in a tone that clearly reflected the bruin's current opinion of Jasper's inability to grasp simple logic. After a moment of silent reflection, the southerner sighed and simply asked, "What boy?" "The little boy at the store when we were all out shopping the other day. Didn't you notice him?" "Apparently not." "Jeez, Jasper. Where were you?" Emmett flipped over so he was sitting upright on the couch, staring directly into the soldier's eyes."There was a little boy just bubbling over with happiness while he pointed out what Santa was going to bring him, but when his mother went and checked the price of the toy, you could see in her eyes that it didn't have a chance of making it into Santa's sack. How did you not see that?" "I don't know, Em. I must have been busy with something else." "Then I guess you didn't hear her tell him that his letter to Santa got sent out late this year, so she didn't want him to get his hopes up. He was just positive that even without the list, Santa would still