Warning: Contains disciplinary spanking of a teenage vampire... well two teen vamps, but whose counting. If this is not too your liking please do not read. Feel free to enjoy the thousands of other stories that fanfic has to offer. Thanks. Disclaimer: All the wonderful Twilight characters that you recognize are the property of Stephenie Meyer. She has been kind enough to loan them to us and I am extremely grateful to her for allowing us to play with her toys. I promise not to break them too badly, but accidents can happen from time to time. Any dings and dents will be pounded out and they will all be good as new at the end of the story. AN: Well folks, this is what happens when my mind can't seem to focus, but decides to give me a glimpse of a pretty picture. ... or maybe not so pretty as the case may be with this one. I saw a very sullen Jasper and wondered what had happened to him to make him so upset. At my inquiry, this is what he shared with me. Not sure how long this one is going to run, but I am happy to say that it will help me fulfill a fairly old request by Jasper1863Hale... as long as Jasper, Alice and I play our cards right. Special thanks to all my readers. Y'all have no idea just how much you guys inspire me or just how amazing you are. Naturally, I could not be without my most awesome beta, Splinter. Poor thing has put up with me for over a year. That has got to be some sort of record. *hugs* Without further ado ... let's get this party started. The ticking of the clock was counting down the minutes to his doom, but at the moment Jasper didn't care. Instead he found his anger growing with each pass of the hand and each impossibly loud mechanical click. It's not fair. It was a fucking accident and now they are talking possible suspension. What the fuck? Mrs. Riley should not have gotten in my way. It was her own damn fault. I would never dream of hitting a woman and everyone knows that. If she had just kept her sizable nose out of my business she wouldn't have gotten hurt. Busy body bitch. FUCK! The southerner snorted in disgust as he shifted on the hard wood chair in the principal's outer office. Common sense dictated that he should at least appear contrite, but at the moment he had neither the tenacity nor inclination to uphold such a staged performance. He was pissed off and everything about his body language was projecting that fact loud and clear to anyone who bothered to give him so much as a passing glance. Arms crossed tightly over his chest, head bowed with a scowl darkening his features and outstretched legs crossed at the ankles, Jasper appeared anything but sorry for what had transpired not twenty minutes ago. God's honest truth, this is that fuckin' jackass DeYoung's fault. If he had been watchin' where he was goin' instead of flirting with his slut of a girlfriend my ride wouldn't be all mangled right now. My poor bike. My baby. That lousy mother fucker backed over my baby and didn't even have the civility to mention it to me. No 'I'm sorry'. No 'Dude I accidentally ran over your bike." Doesn't have the good form to offer to pay to have her fixed. Acted like it was no big deal that he damn near destroyed my bike. Careless son of a bitch. So used to having daddy just bail his ass out of everything, he doesn't even care about how his stupidity effects other people. Bastard figured that it was just a bike so it wasn't anything to be worryin' about. Just started to strut his worthless candy ass towards the main building. I don't fuckin' think so. Yeah I kicked in his headlight and keyed that damn truck. The damage he did to my property was far worse. He's lucky that I didn't put a really nice dent in the hood with my fist. Maybe if I had cracked his radiator he would have gotten a clue as to just how pissed off he made me. And then he thinks that he is going to push me? He has no idea who he's dealing with. Just wait until tonight. He won't even recognize that piece of crap he drives as having ever been a truck once I'm done with it. So completely absorbed in his thoughts, Jasper didn't hear the heavy glass door scrape open, but when a familiar scent tickled his nose he felt his venom run cold. Without lifting his head, he raised his eyes to glance up at Esme as she stood at the secretary's desk. "Thank you for coming so quickly, Mrs. Cullen. Please have a seat. I'll let Mr. Greene know that you've arrived." "Thank you, Ms. Cope. I came as soon as I could. I can't imagine what sort of trouble Jasper could have gotten himself into. I'm certain that this must be some sort of misunderstanding and surely we can get it all straightened out." The red haired woman peered over her glasses at Esme and smiled. "I'm just as confident about that as you are. All of your children are always so well behaved. It's such a pleasure to have them here and Jasper has always been such a quiet studious boy. He's very much the gentleman. I really can't imagine him causing any sort of trouble." Getting up, Ms. Cope quickly disappeared into the back of the office as Esme made her way over to sit next to her soldier boy. A glance at her sulking son made the matriarch question every word that the secretary had just spoken. Currently Jasper appeared to be the complete opposite of the genteel young man that Ms. Cope had just praised so highly, but Esme was more than willing to give him the benefit of the doubt. "Are you okay, Sweetie?" A grunt was the only response that she received. "Jasper, I have to admit that I don't appreciate this attitude that you're putting off right now." "Well I don't care for the attitudes of anyone around here so I guess that makes us even. I swear to you that they have been needling me since this sorry shit started. How much would you care to wager that I'm the only one to end up with my ass in a sling when it was that little shit that started it?" Esme was mildly shocked at her son's choice of words. Around her, he had always been a perfect gentleman so she could only imagine what he had been through that would cause him to speak to her in such an uncouth manner. Just as she was about to issue a gentle rebuke to mind his manners, the office door opened. "Mrs. Cullen, thank you for coming at such short notice. I hope we haven't interrupted something important by dragging you down here today." Mr. Greene gave the stunning woman his most dazzling smile as he extended a hand to her. Shaking the man's hand and allowing him to help her to her feet, Esme shook her head and offered a light smile of her own. "There is nothing in this world more important than my children." "I do wish that everyone felt that same way, but with the fast pace of life it appears that sometimes priorities get a bit jumbled and it's always the young ones who suffer." Harold Greene sighed inwardly as he directed Esme into his office. "Please have a seat." Turning his attention back to the sulking youth, he called, "Jasper, would you please join us? I'm sure that your mother will want to hear your version of today's events directly from you." "Why? Not like it will do a lick of good. I've already been tried and convicted. Don't see how any fucking thing I have to say is going to make a damn bit of difference in this kangaroo court of school justice." "Jasper Whitlock Hale, you know better than to use that kind of language or be disrespectful to your elders. Apologize to Mr. Greene this instant." The youth gave a dry laugh as he shook his head. "Yeah right. Elder. Don't make me laugh, Esme." The woman gave her son a dark look before turning back to the principal. "I cannot apologize enough for my son's abhorrent behavior. He really isn't normally like this." The man gave her a sympathetic look. He had seen it all before, but still it was always hardest to witness from one of his top students. "It's alright, Mrs. Cullen. Their teen years are just a very hard time for them emotionally with their hormones riding roughshod over them making things more difficult than they should be. I know that Jasper is a good boy and a most excellent student. He is just having a very bad day, but that still doesn't excuse his over all behavior." "What is my son being accused of having done?" "Please step inside so we can discuss it in private. Jasper, you too." "I aint going anywhere." The teen hugged himself a little more tightly while keeping his eyes directed towards the toes of his boots. "Mr. Greene, would you mind if I have a moment with Jasper in private?" "Not at all, Mrs. Cullen. Come in whenever you're ready." "Thank you, so much." Esme waited until the office door closed and she heard the man retreat away from it before she stepped over to stand in front of the Major. "What has gotten into you," she inquired in a fierce whisper. "I'm tired of playing around with all the jackasses around here. They are careless and ignorant. There isn't a lick of common sense shared among them. My God, Esme how can you expect me not to be pissed off? Do you know what that bastard did to my bike?" "No I don't considering..." Esme cocked a brow as the soldier's last question fully registered. "Your what?" "My motorcycle. That little punk ass went and slammed his car into her. I'm sure that Rose can work her magic on her, but she shouldn't have to. If that son of a bitch had just bothered to look before he slammed his fucking pick-up in reverse..." Before Jasper could react, his mother had a firm hold on his chin and had lifted his head to meet her furious dark eyes. "Jasper Cullen, are you telling me that you rode that two wheeled death trap to school?" Her expression caused him to shrink back slightly as he swallowed hard, concern for his immediate future showing in his darkened eyes. "I don't know if you can really call it a trap since you would get thrown free from it if anything bad were to happen." "Jasper, don't get smart with me." His anger ebbed as his grew more uneasy with his mother's reaction. "Actually, Momma, I'm feeling the exact opposite of smart at this very moment." "Oh, so it's Momma now?" Jasper's mind instantly replayed every word and deed that he had partaken in since walking out of the house this morning. When it hit the altercation with Bradly DeYoung his breath ceased as his chest grew tight. Unable to lower his head to escape his mother's anger gaze, he closed his eyes only to have her give his head a light shake to get his attention back on her. "I'm sorry, Momma," he whispered softly. "You only think you're sorry, young man. I can assure you that you are going to be a great deal sorrier once I get you home." His dark topaz eyes widened at Esme's declaration, but he wisely kept his mouth shut. "Now, young man, I expect you to