Warning: Contains disciplinary spanking of a consenting adult. Since this isn't for everyone, if it upsets you, please feel free to search the site for more appropriate reading material. There's tons of it on here. Disclaimer: Even though Jasper has stuck with me through run away muse and other hardships, I don't own him, Alice, or the Twilight universe. I really so appreciate Stephenie Meyer's for allowing me to entertain myself with her wonderful characters. AN: I don't even know what to say. My muse... died. I've been doing a little personal writing to try to kick it in the behind and this is one of those stories. I'm currently working on Nanowrimo, so there's a great chance that I'll drop another story or two here as I struggle to reach my 50K goal and once again lay a trap for my slippery muse. Have no beta, so I apologize in advance for the eye bleeding mistakes, but hope y'all enjoy it just the same. Have fun! Illuminated by the street light's pale glow, a young fair haired man stood with his back against the post, his arms folded across his chest. His ruby eyes were trained on the raven haired vixen who brazenly flirted with the burly truckers in the bar. A low growl rumbled deep in his chest and his eyes darkened with anger. "Shameful," he hissed to no one. She was drunk. Whether that was on alcohol or the power she wielded over these men, he couldn't be sure, but either way he didn't like it and she would be held accountable. Alice knew better than to flirt with humans unless she was planning to feed on them, which hadn't been the case in months. When they first met, she told him that she had a vision of the two of them living with a coven that survived entirely off of the blood of animals. Jasper had never heard of such a ridiculous thing and found the idea distasteful, but with her prompting, he tried his best to follow his wife's diet plan. Months later and that still wasn't working out very well. As he watched his mate act like a harlot, his mind shifted to thoughts of the prostitute whose life he had claimed earlier this very evening. He hadn't allowed the nameless street walker's death to bother him much, figuring it for a mercy killing. What sort of life did she have anyway? Living in some run down shack, feeding whatever habit she happened to subscribe to by lying on her back or dropping to her knees. She should have thanked him for releasing her from that life and prayed to make better choices during her next go round. But now, seeing his wife play the same part, he felt fear creep into his system and further chill his dead heart. What if someone else thought of his mate with the same callousness that he had shown the human? Realistically, he knew no human could harm Alice, but that knowledge did little to soothe his feverish mind. What if one of those brutish truckers kidnapped her? What if she was raped? What if they discovered what she was? The consequences of any one of those scenarios were too horrible to consider. The vampire's eyes flashed in anger as he let loose with a vicious snarl. He needed to protect her from these immoral humans. He needed to protect her from herself. She was his responsibility, but much more than that, she was his reason for living. This had to stop. He was tired of her games, and would putting an end to them this instant. Storming into the bar, Jasper held his breath as he pushed his way through the sea of humans to firmly grasp his mate by the wrist. "Mary Alice,come with me. We're leaving." "Hey there, sonny. I don't think the little lady here wants to leave just yet, do you cupcake?" The grizzled hulk of a man said as he snaked an arm around the tiny woman's waist. "Why don't you run along and find yourself a filly who's looking for a girlfriend to go shopping with. Seems more your speed. Let this little foxy thing see what real men are like for a change." The good ol' boy truckers laugh, as one reached out and caught a lock of Jasper's hair, drawing it slowly through his fingers. "Maybe this one is just jealous that the little one is getting all the action. Is that the trouble, sweet cheeks? Don't want your friend here to be the only one getting porked tonight? Well if you're a good little bitch, I might have something for that tight ass. I mean, I've never gone there before, but if I close my eyes..." Jasper grabbed the trucker's wrist and snapped it like a twig. The man fell to his knees howling in pain, as the red-eyed demon rounded on the rest of them. A left hook caught another of the large men under the jaw and dropped him like a bad habit, before shards of wood rained down around the blond as a chair was shattered over his back. Turning to the shocked man holding the wooden remains, Jasper snarled like an animal then pulverized the trucker's kneecap with a vicious kick. "Damn! Did you see that?" "He's gotta be on drugs." "Nobody can do that shit." "Call the cops!" The humans backed away from the angry youth who stood glowering at them from the center of the room, but when a shotgun was pulled out from behind the bar, Jasper reclaimed his firm hold of Alice's wrist and fled the scene with her in tow. Running hard through the woods helped cool the vampire's temper, and with the sound of sirens fading in the distance the empath slowed his pace until he and his mate were walking at human speed through the towering pines. With disappointment quickly replacing anger, Jasper let loose a long held breath in the form of a deep sigh and released his grip on his wife to move away from her. Pressing his back against a tree, he bowed his head and rubbed his hand over his eyes. When he opened his eyes again, he saw his spikey-haired pixie still in the clearing's circle of moonlight with her head hanging low. His brow knitted in concern, before realization hit. Taking a breath, he consciously tempered his emotions so she would no longer feel his reaction. When her stance remained frozen, Jasper sunk to the ground and called her to him. "Alice, darlin'. Come here, if ya please. I'm thinkin' that we have some talkin' ta do." Dragging her feet, the seer shuffled over to her husband until she stood looking absolutely miserable at his feet. "I'm sorry, Jasper," she whispered. "I know ya are, honey." He could feel the sour regret mixing with the tang of fear as it rolled off her her in waves. Patting the ground, he invited her to join him. Without meeting his eyes, she dropped beside him and snuggled close while he wrapped a loving arm around her. "You're mad at me," she announced in a small voice. "A little," he admitted with a brief nod. "But I'm more ashamed and disappointed. What in the world wer ya thinkin'?" "I just wanted to have some fun. Since you wouldn't go into the bar with me, I thought I would find someone else to dance with. That's all I was going to do. I swear." "Well those men had other things on their minds, sugar." "I know," she whimpered while her head dipped lower. "Ya also know why I couldn't go in there with you. Why I shouldn't have had ta go in there ta protect ya." He shook his head. "I don't have the same type of control you do. Being around all those humans... It's like puttin' a fox in charge of a hen house. I needed ta hunt, but imagine how I felt when I got back and seen ya puttin' the moves on those jackasses. I know that ya wanna test yourself, but that ain't the way ta go about it." "I really am sorry, Jasper. It will never happen again." "You're right about that, because I'm gonna make sure that it don't." Alice's head shot up, her eyes wide with fear as a vision struck. "You can't," she gasped. "Yes, ma'am, I very well can, and don't try tellin' me that ya ain't deservin'." "You want to hit me?" she asked while barely withholding a sob. "No, sugar. First of all, I would never hit you, but I think you've been spoiling fer a good spankin' fer some time. What ya did was about as reckless as they come. Not only did ya put yerself in danger, but ya endangered all those folks back there. Here you are goin' on about blendin' with humans instead of drain' 'em, then ya cause a situation where the lot of 'em could have been, and frankly should have been, killed." As Alice's head fell, Jasper placed two fingers below her jaw and gently tipped it back up so he could look into her oddly colored gold eyes. "I would do anythin' in this world ta protect ya, hummingbird. Anythin'. And sometimes that means I'm gonna have ta protect ya from your own foolishness. Now, ya might not see what ya jest did as foolish, but believe you me, it was." Venom tears glistened in the woman's eyes as she nodded. "I know," she whispered. "It's a miracle I didn't kill 'em. Hell, when that big bastard with the broken nose started bleedin'..." "Your control is improving." Jasper smirked sadly. "I really doubt that. The only reason he's still breathing is because I fed this evenin', but even then, it was hard as hell not to drain the worthless life from him." "I'm ..." The tears broke free and trickled down the seer's pale cheeks. Wrapping both arms around his mate, the soldier pulled her onto his lap and rocked her gently as she buried her face against his neck. "Shh. It was a mistake, hummingbird. Ya know better now." Alice nodded and hiccuped softly through her tears as she tried to regain control of her emotions. "You're alright. I promise ya, everything is gonna be alright." To this, the pixie in his arms shook her head. Jasper pushed her back and forced her to look at him as he calmly said, "Yes it is, baby bird. I'll never let anything bad happen ta ya. That's a Whitlock promise, and my word is my bond." She sniffled and shook her head again. "The vision... It hasn't changed." "I don't expect it has considerin' my mind ain't changed." She trembled from head to toe causing Jasper's eyes to darken with concern. "Well, hummingbird, I know it ain't pleasant, but there's no reason ta git this upset over something as minor as a tannin'." "No one has ever hit me like that before," she choked out. At her admission, Jasper mentally slapped himself. How could he have forgotten that Alice's memory of her human existence was completely blank. No wonder she was so scared. No vampire he had ever met retained much of a memory, but his lovable wife's had been totally wiped clean so every experience was new to her. The good, and the bad. "Sugar, I never meant to scare ya. Let's take this one step at a time. Wha'cha say?" "I don't want to be tan," she whined like a spoiled child. Jasper chuckled in spite of himself. "Hummingbird, you're not gonna be tan, but since you fed recently your pretty little bottom might get a bit pink," he explained with a reassuring smile before sighing softly as he sat her up straighter on his lap and made her focus completely on him. "Alice, ya know I'm kinda old fashioned. I don't recall