Warning: This story will contain non-sexual spanking of a consenting adult. If you find this disagreeable, please don't read. Disclaimer: All the characters remain the intellectual property of Stephenie Meyer, she just lets us borrow them. They will all be returned in much the same shape that I found them, maybe just a little worse for wear and wiser. ;-) I promise not to leave them out in the rain or hot sun.. since sparkling is not allowed around the house. AN: Well, guys, I was a bit blindsided by this one. Chronos-girl sent me a plot bunny (so you can blame her), and the blasted thing won't leave me alone. I had to start it, but I'm currently working on a "Schooling" update, so this one will be a little slow coming along. I think that I can do it justice. It's going to be a little different since Carlisle's relationship with his "miscreant" is so far from what he's used to. I know right where I want this to end up, but getting there might be trickier, so please bear with me. A slamming door alerted the Cullen matriarch to the arrival of her children. Glancing up from the forms and blueprints that littered the kitchen table, Esme gave a little sigh. How had she managed to so completely lose track of time? A quick inventory of the events of the day provided the answer to that question, and turned her sigh to a groan. It had started out like any other day. There had been the normal rush to get her brood of to school. The misplaced jackets, disappearing left sneaker, missing car keys, and Emmett's 'lost' homework were all part of a typical morning. Carlisle had been called to the hospital at three a.m. due to complications with one of his patients, so he hadn't been around to help herd their teens out the door, but that wasn't out of the ordinary either. Nope. The day appeared rather run of the mill before the deer came crashing through the living room window. Most animals avoided the area around the Cullen home, and with good reason. Forest creatures were constantly on alert for danger, and a den of seven apex predators would certainly qualify as dangerous. Still, the young buck had felt the need to pay Esme a little visit that she could have done well enough without. Clearly there had been something wrong with the animal as he staggered about. An irrational fear of rabies, a hold over from her human existence, had led the woman to a short period of inaction which proved costly. Had she taken immediate action, the damage done to her house would have been minimal, but during Esme's indecision the deer managed to blaze a trail of destruction through the living room that rivaled Emmett. To make matters worse, after its initial bid for freedom, the deer decided to head for higher ground. Now, had it not been her home, the little brunette would have found humor in watching a two hundred pound deer attempt to ascend a spiraling staircase, but the sight of a pale rump and flagging tail bounding up the first flight was enough to break Esme from her fear frozen state. Charging after the animal, she quickly latched onto a fine boned rear leg and dug her heels in. Bellowing in fear, the beast began to buck and kick out wildly at its attacker. With his eyes rolling back in his head, the panic stricken buck fought harder, but Esme was not letting go. Snorting loudly, the deer stamped its forefeet, but a misplaced hoof on the slick polished step brought it to its knees and wedged his head and right shoulder beneath the banister. Bawling and blowing, the deer flailed his legs in an attempt to secure some sort of footing while he arched his neck against the solid handrail. Esme turned her face away and tightly shut her eyes as she winched in response to the sickening cracking of bone before a heavy silence filled the room. Releasing her hold on the animal's leg, the matriarch turned to look out on the large open room below. A breeze blew in through the shattered window pane to send bits of fluffy white pillow fiber sailing through the air like drifting snow. The television laid face down on the hardwood floor, imprints of sharp hooves decorating its hard plastic casing and denting the boards around it. Toppled tables, broken lamps, trampled photos in splintered frames, soiled and ripped carpeting — all laid out before her eyes reminding her of the scenes from the aftermath of a hurricane she had seen on the news so many years ago. How could a single animal create so much damage? In response to her fleeting thought, her mind conjured an image of her boys and the destruction they had caused over the years. Sighing deeply, Esme rubbed her eyes. "It could always be worse." After extracting the deceased deer and depositing it outside, she spent the better part of her morning returning her house to some semblance of order. A trip to Port Angeles this weekend would be required to replace the television and several of their home furnishings, but she salvaged what she could and was reasonably pleased with the results. A call to Carlisle confirmed her suspicions about disease. While he didn't believe that rabies was to blame, he informed her that some members of the local hunting club were reporting deer, moose, and elk exhibiting erratic and uncoordinated behavior. Game management has issued a warning about the threat of chronic wasting disease in the area herds. While not a threat to them, and only minimally an issue for humans as long as precautions were taken, the infection was easily transmitted through the hoof stock herds. They would have to make sure that the infected body was carefully disposed of to help suppress the spread of the disease. Carlisle considered sending a wildlife agent to collect the animal, but that would lead to a number of humans tramping through their property, and that was something they really didn't want to have happen. In the end it was decided that the best course of action would be for the boys to take care of the disposal that evening. Until then, the bloody, broken body would simply have to decorate their front porch; a situation the matriarch didn't appreciate at all. After her eventful morning, Esme did her best to ignore the reminder on the porch as she settled into her usual routine — a few loads of laundry, scrubbing down the showers, and working on her project for the drafting course she was taking. Cleaning the showers had been easy enough, but the exhibition to recover Emmett's dirty clothes took much longer than anticipated. Esme caught herself wondering why her bear had a dirty clothes hamper to begin with since clothes were the only things that couldn't be found in it. She was going to have to sit her son down for a little chat sometime soon and explain how these things worked. Then where was that other little matter she felt the need to bring up. Crawling under Em and Rose's bed to retrieve a pair of jeans was bad enough, but finding a crushed squirrel stuffed in the pocket was just too much for the woman to take. What was her son thinking? The disposal of her gruesome find complete, she loaded up the machine and retired to the safety of her clean, animal free kitchen to work on her project. While carefully plotting out her blueprint, Esme found her concentration being disrupted by an annoyingly periodic and incessant beeping. Throwing down her pencil, the irate brunette stalked towards the laundry room while mumbling obscenities under her breath. The scent of chlorinated water and detergent assaulted her nose before she had opened the door, but the sight that awaited her still came as a shock. Ankle deep water capped with billowing mounds of suds filled the room, while on the far wall the washing machine shrilly emitted its morse code style distress call as the light in the drum flashed in time. Pinching the bridge of her nose firmly, a habit picked up from her husband, Esme waded through the warm soapy water and pushed the power button to turn the machine off. When the beeping cry continued to sound, she let out a fierce growl and ripped the cord from the wall, finally silencing the infuriating machine. An hour and a half later, after a hunt for a disease free meal and a call to the appliance repair shop, the matriarch had finally returned to working on her project. Sitting up, she stretched her back and rubbed her eyes then looked over her hard work. All things considered, she had managed to get a great deal accomplished and was quite pleased with the results. It had been one hell of a day, but now that her children were home she could count on things vastly improving. No matter what life threw at her, the smiling faces of her children were always the perfect balm for the mother's soul. Standing to go greet her babies, Esme found herself suddenly startled as the kitchen door flew open with a bang. "Then fix it your own damn self!" Rosalie screamed. "I've got better things to do anyway. It's not like I really want to work on that eyesore." "She wouldn't be an eyesore if you hadn't taken her all apart and sprawled her bits across the flaming driveway," Jasper countered while his dark eyes flashed with anger. "Rosalie? Jasper? What's going on?" Esme asked with concern. "She broke my blasted bike is what's going on, Momma, and now she refuses to put it back right." "I didn't break anything. The engine had a miss, and I just wanted to help, but your son decided that I wasn't doing it right and now there are parts missing. I can't work with that kind of interference. He obviously doesn't want help so he can just take it to the damn shop and pray that one of those two bit wolves doesn't completely trash it." "You've already trashed it!" the soldier barked. "The engine wasn't missing until you messed with it. Papa told you to keep your hands off of my baby, but you always know better than everyone else. Rosalie Lillian, the infallible. Wouldn't listen to another soul if her life depended on it." "Fuck you, Jasper!" "Rosalie, there's no need for that sort of language," her mother rebuked mildly. "Just calm down. I'm sure that you're both blowing this out of proportion." "Esme, stay the fuck out of this! It doesn't concern you!" "Simmer down, young lady, and don't you dare take that tone with me," Esme snapped as she felt her ire begin to rise. "I'll take any tone that I damn well please. You don't own me. I'm not a child, and I don't care to be spoken to as if I am." "Rose, stop. You're mad at me, not Momma," Jasper piped in. "Don't start trying to shift blame on innocent people because I called you out on your bullshit." "My bullshit? What about your bullshit, dear brother? Oh wait, that's bullshit in itself, isn't it? I have had enough of this sham of a family. I'm tired of playing the lap dog to everyone. You all just want me around for what I can do for you, but what do you do for me? You treat me like shit and expect me to just take it. Well those days are over." "Rose, you know that's not..." "ESME, SHUT THE HELL UP! The last thing I need is another bitch in my life trying to play the part of my mother. Why don't you just go back in your delusional world where everything is perfect — perfect husband,