Warning: Disciplinary story. Contains the physical correction of a certain soldier. If corporal punishment offends, please avoid this story. Disclaimer: As always, the mighty Major, patient Papa, or any of the other Twilight characters don't belong to me. They remain the property of Stephenie Meyers, but should she ever feel the need to kick them out... AN: This is another part of my Nano 2015 challenge and is complete. I was going to post it as a one shot, but decided to break it into two or three sections so I can share it while still doing proofreading. The holidays and work leave me tired so proofing it in its entirety seemed pretty daunting. I truly miss my beta. I would also like to apologize for the mistakes I've managed to overlook. Hope they aren't too painful. This is my version of Jasper's first real taste of Cullen correction. It's set a few years after Alice and Jasper joined the Cullens. While Alice took to them all as family, Jasper, naturally is still unsure of his place in the grand scheme of things. Carlisle has yet to earn "Papa" status, and the soldier is just starting to warm up to Esme. Hope you enjoy. The sound of the front door opening summoned Esme from the kitchen to greet her returning brood. The day had been trying and she was looking forward to their smiling faces which was certain to always brighten her mood. "Welcome home. How was school?" she happily called while wiping her hands on a dish rag, but her smile swiftly faded as she caught sight of her newest son. "Jasper, what happened?" The southerner was covered in grime and his new plaid shirt was ripped in several places, but it was his pained expression that caused Esme the most worry. "I rather not talk about it just yet, ma'am," he quietly drawled while evading eye contact. "I think I need a little time, and just want to go up to my room and lie down. Promise, you'll find out soon enough." "Where's everyone else?" "They stopped at the soda shop. Alice was partnered up with a girl in her class to write a research paper. Figured they could formulate their plan of attack a bit better in public with the other kids. Keepin' up appearances and all. Rose and Em stayed back to walk Alice home, and Edward was headin' to buy some new sheet music the last I saw of him." "I don't under..." "Yes, ma'am. I know that, and I'll explain, but need some time to get right in my head first. May I please be excused?" "Of course, sweetheart, and if there's anything I can do." Jasper nodded. "Thank you, ma'am." The youth had taken a few steps when he suddenly froze. "Your worry is unfounded." "Jasper, I know this is still a hard concept for you to grasp, but we're a family and family can't help but worry about each other. You're a son to me. When something's hurting you, it hurts me." Closing his eyes, the boy swallowed hard to control the emotion that threatened to overwhelm him. "Will the doctor be home soon?" "Yes." "Good. I'll need ta talk ta both of ya." "Alright, baby." With a soft sigh the youth disappeared down the hall leaving his mother behind to fret as the clock counted down the time until her husband's return. Nearly a hour passed before the door opened again to admit the rest of her boisterous brood. "Hey there, momma!" Emmett boomed as he scooped Esme up into his arms and swung her around before giving her a kiss on the cheek. "Missed me?" "Always, Emmy," the brunette said with a giggle at her bearish boy's antics. "How was your day?" "Great! Even managed to pull a passing grade on that history exam." "Well I should hope so." "Living it ain't the same as trying to put it to paper. They get the facts wrong, but don't want to know the true stories, you know?" "So I've heard on many occasions." "Momma, did Jazzy make it home?" Alice inquired with a faint waver in her voice. "Eh, you know he did," Emmett countered. "You said you saw it. Old Rebel Yell is good. At least he will be until Pops gets his hands on him for being stupid with that kid." "Shut up, Emmett," Edward snarled while Rosalie thumped her mate on the back of the head. "It was a fight, wasn't it?" Esme asked, while already knowing the answer. "Yes, ma'am, but it's Jazz's place to say, not ours," Alice replied as she glanced at her big brother. "What? He made it home first, so how was I to know he didn't tell momma what happened? I would have." "You would have told the world, Emmett, but Jasper is much more private. He keeps to himself. You know that," Edward groused. "Hell, it's not like he can hide it anyway." "He can't," Rose agreed. "But it is up to him to share his story, not us. You wouldn't want someone ratting you out, would you?" "Guess not." "Then don't do it to him," the blonde advised. "We're a family. We look after each other." "Yeah," Emmett muttered as his head drooped. "Momma, forget that I said anything. I was just talking to hear myself. You know how I get. Nothing happened that's worthy talking about." "Except for your brother getting into a fight," the matriarch countered. The bruin shrugged, but offered no further information. Esme groaned inwardly as she surveyed her children. It touched her heart that they would band together in an attempt to protect each other, but at times that quality could be frustrating. She needed to know what had happened. How bad was it? What sort of damage control would need to occur? How was she going to buffer Jasper from Carlisle's brand of justice? Audibly she sighed. For all his aloofness and stand on protocol, Jasper was a sensitive boy. He mostly kept to himself, and was the least likely to cause any sort of trouble; a quality that sprang from an inborn desire to please. While he still struggled to find his place in their family, Esme had accepted him from the moment he and Alice showed up on their doorstep. She had easily seen through his cool exterior and found the lost, loving little boy inside. Jasper flourished on praise, but a single word of reproach could cause him to wither. Oh, he would try to hide that fact, and considering his gift, he managed quite well, but the hurt always shown in his eyes. The few times Carlisle had to reprimand their soldier boy had broken her heart. Luckily, then it had just been for minor infractions, and punishment had been more token than anything else. Her mate had restricted the youth to the house or given him some menial task to complete. Harsher corrections had not been required, but this time was different. This was a major violation of the rules and she knew that would be dealt with accordingly. "Mom." Her golden gaze shifted to her eldest while her mind continued to race. "It's not the first time. Jasper's had to face Dad before and he did fine. I promise you, he'll be okay." Esme stared at Edward for a few seconds before slowly nodding. Jasper had earned a trip to his father's study about a year ago, but the punishment inflicted had been mild. Carlisle knew the boy hadn't been consciously defiant. His misbehavior had been a mistake and was treated as such. This time would be different. Jasper knew the rules. He knew that physical altercations with family members was strictly forbidden, and using force against a frail human was so much worse. Closing her eyes, the matriarch exhaled slowly in an attempt to override her rising panic. "Momma, is it alright for me to go to Jazzy? I know sometimes... I know Daddy likes to leave us alone to ruminate over the error of our ways for a while, but I think it would be better ... May I please go be with my husband until Daddy gets home?" "Oh course, Alice." The pixie disappeared down the hall in a flash to offer her mate all the support she could. Jasper hugged Alice tightly to his chest and nibbled on her ear before whispering, "Hummingbird, as much as I love having you in my arms, I think it might be best for you to go out and find something to keep that searching mind of yours busy for a spell." Alice rolled over and stared into her mate's eyes. "You don't want me to be with you?" she asked in a dejected voice. "Now don't go gettin' all silly on me. You know the answer to that. If I had my way, I'd have you at my side every second of the day, but the truth is, you're making me more nervous than I should be." Alice held his gaze for several seconds, before suddenly blinking in comprehension. "Oh," she murmured. "I can be less jittery." "No ya can't." He smiled while gently caressing her pale cheek. "You're worried, and so am I. Combined, that's a truck load of nervous energy that just keep feeding itself." "But I want to be here for you." "Ya always are, darlin'. You're my heart. I carry you with me wherever I go, and that will never change." Cupping her cheek, he drew her close and tenderly kissed her lips, delighting in her sweetness. Reluctantly pulling away, Jasper gazed into dark amber eyes that were so full of love of worry, they made his heart break. With a light smile, he sent a wave of calmness over her. "Ya worry too much. There's nothing' that ol' Doc can do that I can't handle. You fergit who ya talkin' to. Us Whitlocks are made of sturdy stock. Doc Cullen might bend my ear a bit, but he's all bark." "All bark?" a voice asked from the doorway. "Really?" The reclining teens jumped off the bed in panic before registering the source of the words. "Damn it, Edward. Don't you ever knock?" Jasper groused as he tucked his shirt tail into his trousers. "You didn't have the door completely closed, so I doubted I was interrupting anything too intimate, and given your current situation..." A withering glare from the soldier cut his brother off. "You git more and more like Emmett every God damn day. Ya know that, don't ya?" "I'm not here to tease you, Jasper. I'm here with advice. You're in a pretty bad situation, but the rest of us have been there, too. I think it would be good if you learned from our mistakes instead of having to make your own. Let me just say, the learning curve for this one sucks." "I don't need any advice. I ain't scared of Doctor Cullen. Compared to Maria, his methods of maintaining order in the ranks amount to nothing." "You think that now, but..." The mind reader sighed as he caught a flash of a vision that caused his little sister to cringe. It was as bad as he feared, but he also knew that Alice's visions weren't set in stone. While Jasper's predicament would never be considered 'good', there were ways to make it better. He just had to get through his mule of a brother's thick skull. Piece of cake. Edward drew a breath as he swiftly formulated a plan. "Alice, it's not going to be like that," he reassured. "Or, I should say, it doesn't have to be like that if your mate listens to me, and does what I tell him to do." Jasper's back went ramrod straight while his eyes blackened. "I don't take orders from you," he growled in a deep, threatening tone. Edward raised his hands in an attempt to pacify the predator.