Warning: Sexual content. Mild BDSM play between consenting adults. Should this not be to your liking, please step away from the story. Thanks! Disclaimer : All characters are the property of someone else. ;-) Beloved Twilight character are the property of Stephenie Meyer, but since she didn't need them at this time, I found something to keep their idle hands busy. The guest star is the property of Mr. Vaun Wilmott. That sneaky little bugger ran away from Vaun on his own this time. Carlisle and I have done our best to send him back home. I've got nothing but love for these characters so no one was hurt in the making of this fan fic. AN: First off, I apologize for my absence. It seems that my surgery did a tune on my muse. That pain in my tail ran off on me, and I've been spending the last few months trying to entice him back. Apparently cookies and alcohol are not his preferred goodies. I've tried to force updates, but have been really disappointed with those results. I just won't allow myself to post crappy writing. Y'all have been too good to me to have to put up with that. Please know, however, that I have not forsaken the wonderful world of our Cullens. I won't allow my stories to go unfinished. Jazzy and I have been working on the epilogue to "Dark Justice", and he and Alice have been waiting farrrr too long in "Schooling". Esme and Rose have also been put on notice that they will have to get back to work. Now, what you have here is something that I can't really classify. It's not your normal story. It's a look at what's been going on, or better put, going wrong with my writing. Some of you may have noticed that I've posted a couple of stories for the Dominion fandom. I have one more Dominion story that is about ready to post, and that will end branch until the series gets picked up for a second season. That means after I post it, my focus goes fully back to Twilight. *happy dance* My dip in the Dominion pool wasn't all bad, however. Mr. Tom Wisdom's work has kicked my muse in the behind and got it working again, so please, no hatin' on the archangel. ;-) Note, once again that this story is what has been going on in my head quite a bit. I decided to share it with all of you... hence the title. Since it is rather .. unconventional, once I get everyone updated and happy, I plan on doing this story justice, so if you want to see the parents at play over a full week let me know. Otherwise, I will end up writing it as an uninterrupted one-shot going a bit deeper than what it is now. Let me know what's on your minds, and, hopefully, Enjoy! The rhythmic slap of leather against her bare back pulled a deep, lusty moan from Esme. The heavy bison leather was seeped in the scents of both her and her mate, adding another dimension to her pleasure. Carlisle's scent had always been alluring to her. Now it worked its magic to strengthen her arousal, and make her whimper his name softly while her punishment was dealt out. For a moment the woman lost herself in the turmoil of pleasurable pain and tugged against her restraints, but her mate's hands wrapped firmly around her wrists put a swift end to her struggles. "No, Esme. You know that's not allowed," Carlisle snarled in her ear, his cool breath against her neck, both startling and welcomed. "You're being a very naughty girl. I'm not sure what I should do with you." He pressed his body firmly against hers, using his weight to hold her in place on the cross. With her head bowed, she whispered at a level that only he could hear. "You can fuck me." "Esme Anne, I am shocked." He grasped her chin and turned her face to the side to look at him. "Such language from a lady. Something else for us to correct, I see. It appears that I've been far too lenient with you lately. You, young lady, have run amok for far too long. You've needed to be taken in hand for sometime, haven't you?" Staring into her dark, glazed eyes, Carlisle couldn't suppress a smile before he claimed her lips with a deep, bruising kiss that left the woman breathless. Esme whined at the lost of contact when he broke the kiss and backed away, but a hard swat to her naked rear made her yip and shift her focus to the lesson she was to be learning. It had been such a long time since they were able to play, she found herself off her game, but with her husband in control all she had to do was follow. It seemed like forever since she and Carlisle had the luxury of the house to themselves, and nowhere to rush off too. Since Esme had taken a teaching position, she and her mate were more like ships that passed in the night instead of the devoted couple they had always been. The family patriarch had not been wild about the idea of her working, but he supported her decision just the same. This was an age when it took two incomes to keep a household afloat, and even with his doctor's income, supporting five teens was costly. Esme working a few hours every day would do much to foster their "normal" family facade. At least that had been her argument to gain Carlisle's approval. In the beginning, it had all been easy enough. Just a couple of hours a day away from the house. She found herself captivated by the eagerness of the children to absorb whatever she was speaking on. Naturally, there were a few who appeared to have rather had dental extractions than attend her class, and of course the occasional disruptions from the class clown, but all in all, Esme found the experience very rewarding. Then the real work set in. Lessons to be planned. Papers to be graded. Staff meetings and that God awful continuing education seminar that she had to attend in Seattle. Esme had forgotten what teaching was really like. Her focus had been on her students rather than the 'job', but she soon learned that she couldn't have one without the other. She was used to Carlisle's career cutting into their personal time, but it was an eye opening experience when she realized that she was now contributing to the problem. On Carlisle's days off, she was often working. In the evenings when he was in a romantic mood, she would find herself buried under a pile of paperwork, or her mind too preoccupied with structuring the next day's lessons to reciprocate his advances. One rebuff too many had finally set the wheels of this week's adventure in motion. Spring break. The children were off to Denali to celebrate their freedom thanks to a kind invitation from Eleazar and Carmen. Carlisle took one of his rarely used weeks of vacation, much to the delight of his head nurse Gloria. That had left only Esme as the final stumbling block to them having a good time. There were no classes, but she still had term papers to grade. With so much reading to do, the Cullen matriarch was looking forward to working through the holiday. Carlisle swiftly corrected that misguided plan. On the last day of classes, Esme walked out to find her husband waiting for her in the faculty parking lot. Her breath hitched at the sight. He had foregone his normal button down dress shirt and slacks for a form hugging bright blue t-shirt tucked into skin tight black jeans that left nothing to the imagination. Scuffed black leather boots, Jasper's?, completed the good doctor's unusual wardrobe as he casually leaned a hip against his car's fender with his arms crossed over his sculpted chest. Desire flared in the woman, until she had to continually remind herself of where she was just to keep her reactions in check. "Carlisle? What are you doing here?" she called as she sashayed towards him. "Edward needed the car, so I brought him to pick it up and stayed to give you a ride." A mischievous light shimmered in his topaz eyes conveying so much more than his words alone. "That was very considerate of you, honey." Standing on her tip-toes, Esme kissed her mate's smooth, chiseled cheek as she inhaled his intoxicating signature scent. "That's me. Mr. Considerate." Taking her bag of classwork, he snaked an arm around her shoulders to guide her around to the passenger's side of the car. Once there, Carlisle opened the door, but before Esme could claim her seat she found herself pinned between her husband's body and the frame of the vehicle. With one hand on the car roof, he leaned down and hungrily took possession of her lips. Gentle at first, but with increasing urgency, their kiss deepened as his tongue explored the moist depths of her mouth. When their tongues touched, Esme felt an electric shock rocket through her to further enrage her burning need for her mate's touch. She let loose with a deep, throaty moan when his hand tangled through her soft caramel locks to pull her head back and break their kiss. Gazing down into her angelic face with dark, half-lidded eyes, the doctor smiled. "Oh, my," was her only reply, causing him to chuckle warmly. "There's plenty more where that comes from, but you're going to have to earn it by being a very good girl." A devilish smirk blossomed across Esme's lips while she ran her hand across the hard muscles of Carlisle's broad chest. "And what might that entail, Dr. Cullen?" she purred. "You must do as you're told without fail or complaint." "But what if I want to be naughty?" "Then you'll just have to suffer the consequences, won't you?" Beneath her hand, she could feel a low growl rumble in his chest before he tapped his finger against the tip of her nose while fixing her with a stern gaze. "You're mine to do with as I please, Mrs. Cullen. I believe it's time that you're reminded of that fact. Now, get in the car so we can go home. I think the student body has viewed enough of this free show for one day." Esme glanced over her shoulder to see several of her students gawking from the school steps. If she had the power to blush, she would have. Turning back, she buried her face against Carlisle and giggled in embarrassment. Carlisle cupped her chin in his hand to raise her face to his. This time his lips were like the brush of feathers across hers. It was a sweet kiss, a gentle one, that took her breath away just the same. Nodding towards the open door, the patriarch softly growled, "Get in. Now." "Yes, sir," came her breathless answer as she ducked beneath his arm and settled into the soft leather seat. As he started to close the door, Esme called out Carlisle's name and held out a hand. "My bag?" "Not this week," he answered with a shake of his head. "Carlisle, I have work to do. You can't confiscate my students' reports." The doctor's yes narrowed thoughtfully as he averted his gaze while shouldering the dark gray satchel. "No," he finally replied with a tilt of his head. "I don't recall ever agreeing to anything of that nature, so I believe I can place them in safe keeping for now." "Carlisle Cullen!" Cocking a brow he looked back at his wife. "Yes, Esme Cullen?" he responded with a twinkle in his eyes. "Carlisle, I have an obligation to my students," she insisted. "Your first obligation is to your family, and