Prompt: "You can't leave me, you can never leave me. Where ever you go I will follow, and where ever you hide I will find you. Even in the deepest depths of the ocean, or in death. You are mine and you belong to me, my love." Tomarry, Possessive!Tom – from an anon on Tumblr. Author's Note: Sometimes I get prompts. Sometimes they become monsters like this one. The Man in the Diary It was something so simple. Something so so unassuming, so innocent seeming. It was just a book after all, and what harm could ever come from a book? Of course, harm could come from a book, in the form of tears spared at the death of a beloved character, sleepless nights spent hunched over a novel with only a dim, singular light for comfort. But it was never real harm, nothing that followed you when you closed the book and set it back on your shelf, ready to continue about your day. But this book... It was different. It was dangerous. It hummed with energy, with magic that Harry did not know- he was not familiar with it but knew without knowing how he did that it was dark. Terribly dark. And he could feel it pulse out to him in waves, feel his stomach twist and a dull ache settle behind his right eye as fingertips grazed over the leather bound journal. It was soft, the leather worn and pages yellow but it was in well enough condition. At the very bottom of it, embossed in golden lettering was the name T.M. Riddle . He did not know who that was, or why Lucius Malfoy had had it in his possession and felt it appropriate to drop it within Ginny's cauldron. But Harry had not trusted it in the slightest, fingers plucking it from her small collection of texts when she wasn't looking and hiding it in his own, promising to investigate it further, when it was later in the evening. And it was later- several evenings later to be exact, and he sat on his bed in the Gryffindor dormitories, the thick, crimson curtains drawn and the journal settled in his lap. An index finger traced over the printed letters, the sharp turns of the T and the M , the rounded bellies of the R and the D's . It was as if a syringe had been placed to the tip of his finger, injecting something into his veins that made his arm itch and burn as it coursed through him- venom, acid, or something euphoric. He opened it, the heel of his palm smoothing down the center of it to flatten it and keep it splayed open. The pages smelt crisp, ancient, like dust and the less frequented corner of a library. He reached for his quill, unscrewing a bottle of ink and settling it on his knee, dipping the brass tip of the quill into the black well. He brought it to the right hand page, hesitating for a moment as he chewed his lip. What had he intended to do, exactly? If Malfoy had slipped the diary to Ginny, it had to be for a purpose. And what purpose was it? What was it capable of? It was just a book. A blank one at that. A bead of ink fell from the quill, landing on the page and splattering against it, specks of black dotted randomly throughout. It glinted, the gloss drying down rather quickly, when a curious thing happened. Of course, many a curious thing happened in Harry's life, ever since his eleventh birthday, beginning with a flurry of letters with red stamps raining from the sky. Though curiosity was commonplace long before then, if he was being honest. Snakes slipping from once enclosed cages, hair regrowing overnight. But this was curious in particular in that the ink seemed to disappear into the paper- saturating the yellow pages until there was nothing left but blank space. And surely that was odd, even in the magical world. After all, what was the purpose of a blank book if all writing on it vanished? Before he could ponder the thought any further, words appeared before him, curling, elegant script. Hello? -xXx- Tom Marvolo Riddle was who the journal had belonged to, and there was something about the name that did not quite settle in Harry's mouth. It was metal on his tongue, it was a twinge behind his eye. He did not know why a man existed within the slightly too stiff pages, and he had thought to ask Hermione of it but decided against it. She was oddly suspicious of things, and surely a diary that wrote back to him would be cause enough for her to alert McGonagall. Dumbledore even. And there was no sense in bothering the headmaster with something so silly. It was just a book. 'I was trapped in the pages of this diary long ago,' Tom had explained at Harry's prompting. 'The effects of a spell I used that had not gone as planned.' 'But what is it like in there? How can someone exist in a diary?' Harry asked, his own words looking sloppy, hasty against the fading calligraphy. But they disappeared soon enough, replaced with Tom's own answer. 'I am left with nothing but memories. Empty rooms and empty halls from my life before I was locked within this book.' Harry frowned at that. That sounded awful! He couldn't imagine what that might be like- spending eternity with nothing but the paths he once walked, rooms he had familiarized himself with enough to recall them in imprisonment. No Ron or Hermione, no Hedwig or Hagrid. Nothing at all except his own meager supply of memories. Worse than that, what if it wasn't even Hogwarts at all laid out before him? What if he was trapped within the home on Privet Drive, stuck within the suffocating walls of his cupboard beneath the stairs, not even the spiders for company? 'What spell did you use? Maybe there's a way to undo it.' After a moment, he added, 'I can ask Dumbledore. He might know.' The words came back faster, a bit spikier this time as if Tom was rushed. 'No, it was a spell of my own creation, and as such, it is impossible for anyone but myself to undo. I am just happy to have someone to talk to. Tell me about yourself, Harry.' Harry blinked owlishly, a hand reaching up to slide the glasses back up his nose. No one had ever really asked him to talk about himself. Either no one cared, believing he was the disturbed delinquent nephew of Vernon and Petunia Dursley, and as such, nothing he had to say was of any worth, or they already knew everything there was to know about Harry Potter. More than even he knew of himself. He didn't even know where to begin, exactly. His family, or rather, lack there of? Or perhaps that was too personal, too intimate to share with a book. School? Tom was a wizard himself- or had been- and surely they would have something of common ground? A favorite subject shared between them, complaints about particularly challenging studies? A question from Tom settled the discourse for him. 'You said you're a Potter? Any relation to Fleamont Potter?' Harry shifted in his bed, spine straightening in interest. Fleamont Potter? The name bore no meaning to him- the only Potter he knew was his father, James- but Tom seemed to know. Had he known his family from his own time? Wasting no time, he scrawled back, 'I'm not sure. My parents died when I was young, and I was raised by my aunt and uncle who were muggles. My father was James Potter. Did you know him?' 'I'm afraid not, and I'm sorry for your loss. I don't have parents either.' And even as he was filled with disappointment at having nothing more of his parents than some photographs, he was filled with something else. Something thrilling. It was strange, Harry thought, the source of comfort that came from shared tragedy. The way your shoulders slumped, you exhaled deeply, when you learned you were not alone in this world. That others knew your pain, the absence that came with having no proper family to speak of. And perhaps it was rude, but in his excitement- the longing reach to a kindred spirit- he glossed over Tom's own admission of loss, adding, 'My parents were killed by a dark wizard. You probably don't know him, I don't think he was around in your time. Lord Voldemort- have you heard of him?' His heartbeat pulsed out of rhythm. A snore disrupted the silence. He worried if he had offended Tom, if he should have offered comfort as well instead of losing himself in the desire to share with a fellow orphan- someone who knew what it meant to have no mother to tuck you in, no father to ruffle your hair. He brought his quill to the page, ready to right an apology, when Tom wrote back. 'No, I haven't. Dark wizard you say? How terrible. I could never imagine something so awful. Would you like to talk about it?' -xXx- Harry decided he liked speaking with Tom. He was smart and kind, and he seemed to understand Harry in a way that Ron or Hermione could not. He was an orphan as well, raised in the muggle world until he was eleven and learned of his true identity, that there was an entire world hidden below him. A delightful world, vibrant and technicolor, full of life and energy and wonder and literal magic. The muggle world was not like that. The muggle world was grim, dull. Monochromatic, several shades of gray and beige and nothing more. He carried the journal with him, bending the front cover backwards so as to keep it small and hidden on his lap, and he wondered how Hermione might admonish him if she saw him treat a book in such a way. But she never noticed him scribbling away, he never intended to tell her. Tom would help him in his studies, explaining things that had not made sense in class and putting them into words that he could grasp onto, fingers curling triumphantly around the concepts. But he never supplied the answers, instead forcing Harry to come to the conclusion on his own. 'You'll get nowhere if I just tell you what to do. You need to understand it yourself. You could be a great wizard, and it would be a shame to waste it all because it was easier to tell than to teach,' he would explain, making Harry blush at the praise. Everyone assured him he was a great wizard- he had to be after all, he defeated Lord Voldemort when he was only a baby. But the words seemed genuine coming from Tom- he was not handing him praise, cooing him with it. He was simply holding them above him, like a goal to be reached. Because Harry wasn't a great wizard, really. He was lucky. He had survived a terrible thing; a terrible thing that had claimed the lives of many an actual great witch or wizard before him. That was all. He had no memory of the event that earned him the taunting moniker, and he was not the smartest boy in his class. Far from it. He was decent on a broom, but that was hardly the marker of someone great. Tom had to have been a great wizard when he was alive. Perhaps he still was alive, though. Not quite dead, not quite living. Caught on some unfathomable plane in between, trapped in something flat and two dimensional. There wasn't a subject that Tom did not seem to know of. There wasn't a spell that he couldn't do, a potion he couldn't make. Harry was in awe of