Author's Note: I am Tomione Trash. Discaimer: All properties are owned by JK Rowling, and I am receiving no monetary compensation for this work of fiction. Chapter One: Of Horcruxes and Potions Hermione Granger gazed at the objects before her with a pensive look on her face, nervously chewing her lip. Concealed behind the thick, warded glass sat all five of Lord Voldemort's horcruxes, destroyed and shattered. Yet, she could still feel them she thought, the sinister magic just beyond the glass and whispering to her. Subconsciously, she raised a hand to her collar bone, feeling her skin where once sat the locket, her heart heavy with the memory of it. "Is this...suitable to you, Miss Granger?" Adesa Gabler asked. The older witch looked down at Hermione from behind her horn-rimmed glasses, her voice a thick Germanic accent. Hermione swallowed hard, hoping she didn't look as uneasy as she felt. "Yes, I think it will be alright," she said, attempting a wavering smile as she looked back up to her new boss, placing a hand over the glass and flinching when she felt the cold surface. Adesa looked relieved. "Thank goodness. No one else wanted to study them, you see. I think they're a little bit frightened of them, especially so soon after the war," she said, sighing as she pushed some loose strands of gray hair behind her ear. "That's silly. They're inactive, and the horcrux has been destroyed. I only hope there will be at least enough magic in them for me to write up a proper report for you," Hermione said, following as her boss left the case and walked over to a messy desk, books and parchment strewn over it. The war had ended several months ago, and the world had just begun to push forward from where it stood still in time, grieving and rebuilding cast into the background as life did as it often does and kept moving. There had been months spent in mourning, in volunteering to raise the walls of Hogwarts back from where they fell. But there was a time limit on everything, a statute of limitations to how long someone could stand still in the face of tragedy, and everyone was forced to resume their lives once more, with heavier hearts and somber faces. Hermione, Ron and Harry had then had the world handed to them, regaled as heroes and honored as such. They were already written into history books, had chocolate frogs dedicated to them, and were offered nearly any job they wanted. Ron and Harry had immediately accepted jobs in the Auror Department of the Ministry, while Hermione had taken a position with the Unspeakables, eager to dedicate her days to learning all she could. To unfolding magic before her eyes in ways no one had previously done before, creating knowledge just as quickly as she could consume it. "Well, just because they're inactive does not mean that they aren't dangerous," Adesa confessed, rubbing the back of her neck as Hermione narrowed her eyes at her. Chewing her lip nervously, the older witch sighed. "I hope this doesn't deter you away from working with them, as our understanding on horcruxes is incredibly limited and we look forward to this opportunity to learn more. But I have done a general overview of them and..." Hermione rose a brow. "Yes..?" "You can't destroy a soul, Hermione. You can destroy a body, you can steal a soul, and you can destroy a soul receptacle," Adesa started, waving her hand in the direction of the horcruxes behind them as if in example. "But you can't destroy a soul." "So you mean parts of his soul are still...in there?" she asked, turning around and eyeing the seemingly innocent objects with a new consideration, her brown eyes wide. She suddenly felt as though she were being watched, as if Tom Riddle and Lord Voldemort and all the other fragmented parts of him were observing her from where they were confined. Trapped, in the diadem, the goblet, beckoning her to them in the hopes to be free. She pulled her robes closer to her, feeling as if the air grew several degrees colder. "I wouldn't worry about it too much!" Adesa hastily added, drawing Hermione's attention back to her stretched smile. "There is no magic attached to them anymore. Think of it like this: The objects represent a room, and when You-Know-Who turned them into horcruxes, he added a door into that room, and then trapped his soul into that room until he needed them. But when they were destroyed- by you, Potter and the others- the door was removed. And there's no way to put it back." She nodded, unable to keep her eyes away from the horcruxes now, knowing that they were indeed alive, if not barely, with the soul of a dead man. A chill went through her. "So, does that mean that when someone creates a horcrux, their soul will never be restored, even in death?" she asked. She supposed that, if that were the case, then perhaps Tom Riddle did succeed in his attempt to conquer Death. He would spend eternity trapped between the planes, not whole enough for Heaven or Hell, for life or death. He would not die, but he would not live. And that was one of the more horrifying fates she had ever imagined. Adesa grinned, shuffling everything atop the desk into messy, contained piles, clearing off a workable surface. "Those are the questions we hope you can answer for us." She stepped back then, making a broad gesture to the room they stood in- a cluttered and suffocating library with more books than it could hold, objects littered randomly about that Hermione recognized as being tools of exploring Dark Magic. "You will have this entire room at your disposal for your studies, as well as the larger library on Floor Y, and the offices on Floors R and X. If you feel these are not adequate tools, speak with me and I will do everything I can to provide you with what you need." With a firm nod, Adesa made her way over to the small door, expertly hidden between two over-sized bookshelves and calendars and parchments taped to the wood of it. Her hand on the doorknob, she turned to Hermione with a serious expression on her face as she added soberly, "And remember the oath you signed when you accepted this job. Your work is private, and isn't to be shared with anyone but myself when you are ready to report your findings. Make use of your concealing charms, and know that there will be severe repercussions should you fail to adequately ward your studies. Understood?" "Yes." With that, she nodded. "Thank you, if not for you no one would study these, and we would never truly know how horcruxes work. Good Luck, Miss Granger." And with that, she left, closing the door behind her with a firm click. Hermione could feel the automatic wards take over the room, barring entrance to prying eyes, and she was alone. Looking to the horcruxes once more with reserved interest, her brows knitted, she thought, 'Well, not entirely.' -xXx- 'I wonder,' Hermione thought idly as she pulled the tattered journal towards her, her hand running along the stiff and soiled pages of the diary. Dried ink had hardened it, and she had to dig her nails into the pages and pry them apart forcibly, some of them ripping with the action, in order to separate them. When she finally found a page that was mostly clean- towards the back and with only a a small tear in it from the basilisk fang- she smoothed the spine of the book out before her and grabbed a quill. Twirling it in between her fingers for a second, breathing deeply as she steeled her resolve and her suddenly pounding heart, she said aloud to the empty room, "The horcrux is inactive. Even if it works, he can't possess me." The affirmation hanging in the air, she dipped the quill into the ink pot and began to write on the page. 'Hello? Tom Riddle?' She sat back, waiting with baited breath as her eyes remained focused on the page. She exhaled, rather sharply, when the ink began to dissolve, vanishing into the crisp page of the journal. After several seconds, another message appeared in its place, the handwriting different from her own. It was neater, and slanted somewhat heavily to the side with sharp and spindly peaks and valleys. 'Hello, Hermione Granger.' Sucking in her lower lip, she slammed the journal shut, her hand remaining on the leather cover as though it would burst open of its own accord. Her heart pounded hard in her chest, thumping against her rib cage and threatening to break free. She was trembling, suddenly terrifyingly aware that Tom Riddle still resided within the pages of the journal, and he knew who she was. She stood from the desk, walking away from it and the diary as she ran a hand through her wild curls, catching her fingers in several knots as she did so. "The horcrux is inactive, and even though it worked, he can't possess me," she said once more, her voice wavering over the words. Somehow, they had less weight to them, dissipating from the room as soon as she said them. Eyeing the diary from across the room, she wondered what exactly Tom Riddle could see, what he was aware of. A chill ran through her, as though she had ducked her head into the Great Lake, and she looked around the room, a part of her silly enough to think that the Slytherin boy might be standing in the corner, shrouded in the shadows. He wasn't though, she knew, letting out a breath of relief. Because he was forever entombed into the diary, the destroyed and poisoned pages of it his final resting place. -xXx- She squealed, quite loudly, from where she sat in the library, earning herself several pointed glares and one rudely whispered 'shhh!' . But she paid no mind, ignoring them as she stormed through with the book still raised in front of her face, her nose practically buried into the spine of it. The tome was torn and tattered and nearly in pieces, certain pages slipping from the binding of it and the silver lettering on the cover was peeling away. The ink was smeared and smudged, and some spaces were unreadable, and yet she had found something, something she could use. On the page that she was currently reading, even as she ran through the corridors of the lower levels to the Ministry of Magic, was a large header. 'Preparing a Draught of Dark Magic Revelation: How to use elixirs to reveal any spells or affects of an unseemly nature that might have been placed on an object, as well as to expel any curses that may afflict it.' Her footsteps echoed off the floors in the empty space as she rounded the corner, descending down a flight of stairs to where the offices of the personal Potions Masters the Ministry kept on hand were working. Just a brief overview told her that the potion was far more complex than she had the talent or the time to brew, and she would need the expertise of another. She certainly didn't want to mess this up, as this could be the answer to learning the secrets of Voldemort's horcruxes. 'Then I can move on to another task. Something more pleasant that doesn't deal with handling the trapped souls of a megalomaniac serial killer,' she thought in disdain, rapping her small fist sharply on a door to the first office she saw. -xXx- She ignored the diary for several weeks after her first time writing in it, instead focusing her studies on the other horcruxes, moving onto the goblet while she waited for her potion to be