Observations from the 83 Bus Stop "Remus John Lupin was a man on a mission. He was going to find his pseudo-nephew, Harry Potter, if it killed him." Why was it that Remus Lupin never tried to contact with Harry, his last link to his best friends, before becoming his Defence Against the Dark Arts professor? A one-shot story to explain his absence. A little mean to Dumbledore, I'm afraid. Mostly canon-compliant. Anything you recognise isn't mine. Monday 2 nd November, 1981 Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Scotland Twenty-one year old Remus Lupin sprinted through the corridors of Hogwarts, easily outrunning his would-be escort, Hagrid ( "Wai' there, Remus! I'm s'posed to accompany ye to Perfessor Dumbledore's office door! Ye don' know 'is password is Fizzin' Whizzbees!" ). His pulse pounded in his ears, though his breaths came steady; months of fighting in the war, combined with his lycanthropy, gave him an uncommon level of stamina. He desperately fought, ultimately failing, to keep control of his emotions; it was unusual for his Occlumency to fail him like this, but not unexpected, given what had happened. He yelled the password that Hagrid had blurted out as soon as he was within earshot of the gargoyle and took the spiral stairs two at a time. "Where is he?" roared Remus, striding up to Professor Dumbledore's desk and slamming his hands down on the polished surface. "Where's Harry, Professor?" "He's safe, Remus. He's perfectly safe, and in the interests of security, that's all you need to know." Albus Dumbledore looked up at Remus over his half-moon glasses, blue eyes twinkling. He showed no sign that he had been startled by Remus' sudden appearance. "Damn it, Dumbledore, don't give me that rubbish. I know Lily and James named me as a potential guardian. In whose care have you left him?" he spat. "Calm yourself, Remus," said Dumbledore, raising a hand. His eyes still twinkled, but a steely edge crept into his expression as he regarded the angry young man in front of him. "Your anger will do you no good." Remus was angry, yes, but underneath his anger he was distraught. He loved that little boy as if he were his own flesh and blood. He snarled. "Circumstances have changed, Remus. In any case, you were out of touch with Lily and James these last few months. Perhaps their desires had changed in that time. Suspicion was rife, after all. Harry is safe, under powerful wards that would not be possible outside of his current living arrangements, and he will grow up free from the pressures of fame. He will be famous, Remus, you realise that. Normalcy, and protection. That is what he needs. And for that he must be away from the Wizarding World." " I could protect him! Give him a normal life – I know how to live in the muggle world, my mother was a muggle, you know that! I'm the closest to family he's got left." He paused. "Hang on, what do you mean, perhaps their desires had changed ? Hasn't their will been read, if you've already placed with guardians?" Dumbledore sighed. "Remus," he began, in a gentler but still firm tone. "You have no stable employment. You have no one to support you. And living with you would present its own dangers, as you well know. Who would care for Harry when you are unavailable? Would you really put Harry at risk of suffering the same fate as yourself? Until there is some kind of cure developed, you would be a danger to him at every full moon. Furthermore, the Ministry would not allow it. If you pushed for the will to be read – you still would not be allowed guardianship. I've had the will sealed for good reason, Remus. It is for the greater good. Do you not trust my judgement?" Remus wrenched his hands away from the desk and pushed them roughly through his hair. "Please, Professor," he said, his anger ebbing away, despair becoming evident instead. "Maybe you won't let him live with me, but can't I at least visit him?" A sympathetic expression crossed Dumbledore's face, but he shook his head. "I'm sorry, Remus. The wards are already set. I do not wish to compromise them by adding loopholes. And truly, it is better this way. A clean break. Perhaps, when he re-enters our world, contact could be established…" Remus didn't stick around to hear any more. He bolted from the office. He ran through the corridors, heedless to where he was going, letting his feet take him along on autopilot, until his legs gave out and he sank to the ground. His eyes burned with unshed tears, and a low moan of grief tore from his throat. "Mr Lupin?" said a sharp voice in a familiar Scottish brogue. He looked up. Professor McGonagall was frowning down at him, looking quite taken aback by his presence. He tried to speak, but no words came. Instead, he sobbed, tears spilling down his cheeks as he rocked back and forth. "Mr L-" Professor McGonagall began, then stopped. Her heart clenched a little as she looked down at the crying man, barely more than a boy still, in mourning for his friends, so full of distress. "Remus…" she said in a much softer tone. She placed a hand under his elbow and helped him to his feet with surprising strength. "Come, come with me…we'll go to my quarters, come along now…" She steered him back along the corridor, through her outer office and into her sitting room. She did not release his arm until he was ensconced in a comfy armchair by the fire. She prepared a tea tray, but seemed to reassess what was needed after another glance at Remus shivering in her chair, and turned to her cabinet for a bottle of Ogden's, from which she sloshed a generous measure into each teacup. She passed a cup to Remus and they each took a gulp. She looked over at him sympathetically. "He's all I've got left, Professor!" Remus burst out before she could say anything. "James, Lily, and Peter are all dead. Sirius in Azkaban – though he deserves it. My Dorcas…" he shuddered. "Did you know we were stepping out, Professor? Dorcas Meadowes and I? We bonded after the last Greyback incident. I'd fetched my mother's ring from my vault. And she was gone before I could ask her. My Dorcas, til just a few weeks ago…And now he's taking away the very last piece of my heart! It may as well all have been for nothing, for I have nothing left! He won't even let me see Harry! There's nothing left for me now!" He dissolved into tears once more. "Oh, Remus…" sighed McGonagall. It pained her to see one of her old charges in such anguish. "Please don't feel you are alone in the world. Perhaps it is not much comfort, but I am here for you, as I was through your Hogwarts years, and especially after your mother's passing." Remus bowed his head, and accepted her grasp of his hand as comfort, squeezing hers briefly in return. She has been almost a mother figure to him, and he felt suddenly that it was rather selfish of him to forget her kindness and affection. "And Harry, though he is out of your reach for now, is alive, and safe from any of You-Know-Who's supporters still at large. I wish I could help. I didn't want him to go to them, either. I objected most strongly, but Albus overruled me. Perhaps in a few years, Albus will be able to lift the protections… I can't think that he would keep you away once the danger has passed." "Oh, he means to, I can assure you! Do you know where he is, then? Please, Professor, at least tell me who has him!" "He's wi…he…" Professor McGonagall frowned. "I can't," she said in a strained voice. "Please, Professor, I need to know" "I want to, I really want to help," Professor McGonagall made a choking sound and grasped at her throat. "Can't!" she gasped. Remus gaped at her. She must have been magically bound to keep the secret. "It's OK, Professor. I understand, don't struggle any more. Do you know where he is?" Professor McGonagall nodded, then looked confused, then shook her head. "No, not the exact location. It must be the wards." "Is there anything that you can tell me?" Professor McGonagall frowned in concentration. "F-f-fam-mily," she gasped out. "Family – but he doesn't – outside the magical – no. No. Not Petunia? You cannot be serious!" he yelled, anger rising again. Professor McGonagall looked distressed, breathing hard with the effort of working round the binding. Remus took a few calming breaths and placed a hand on her arm in silent apology for his outburst. "No, it's not your fault. You couldn't have stopped Dumbledore from doing what he thinks is best." They had another cup of tea, after which Remus had calmed down some and Professor McGonagall had recovered. An elf was called to provide food, though neither had much of an appetite. They spoke for some time, cried together for lost friends, until the hour grew late and the tears dried up. When Remus stood to leave, the professor rose with him and walked him to the doors of the castle. "Well, good night, Professor. And thank you." Remus shuffled his feet, unsure quite how to say goodbye. A handshake felt too formal. McGonagall made the decision herself and stepped forward to hold Remus briefly in a motherly embrace. He returned her hug. "Good night, Remus. And good luck. Please stay in touch. I will be here for you. And I think, under the circumstances, it would be acceptable for you to call me Minerva." Wednesday 3 rd August, 1983 Wisteria Walk, Little Whinging, Surrey Remus John Lupin was a man on a mission. He was going to find his pseudo-nephew, Harry Potter, if it killed him. He didn't have much to go on. He'd discovered from public records that Harry's only living non-magical relative, Petunia Evans – Lily's muggle, and as far as he remembered, magic-fearing, sister – had married a man named Vernon Dursley. They'd had a son, Dudley, just over a month before Harry's birth, born in Lily's home town. It was entirely possible that he had been welcomed into this family and was growing up surrounded by love…but Remus doubted it. Lily hadn't talked about her sister much; in fact, since they'd become estranged in the last few years of Lily's life, she'd barely even said Petunia's name. But from what he remembered of Lily's stories about Petunia, he couldn't imagine Harry was welcomed with open arms. Still, if he could see for himself that Harry was well cared for, he could rest a little easier. Unfortunately, he'd hit a dead end rather quickly, as it seemed that these particular Dursleys' telephone number was not in the telephone book. He'd checked every possible number, but had been unsuccessful. He vaguely remembered Lily mentioning that Petunia had moved "down South" after she married, but this didn't narrow it down much. He'd been trawling the streets of southern England for nearly two years now without success, doing odd jobs like pot washing in muggle pubs and restaurants in the evenings, but he'd struck gold a few days ago, on Harry's birthday of all days. He'd been getting local newspapers from all over the south for months, but on 31st July the Surrey Post ran a story about a local company, Grunnings, who had donated money for a children's play area in a suburb called Little Whinging. The article mentioned one of Grunnings' directors – one Vernon Dursley – who live in Little Whinging with his wife – Petunia – and son – Dudley. Remus couldn't believe his luck. It had to be them. So off he went