Title: All Shall Fade Rating: T because I'm paranoid. Summary: The burden of a long-kept secret finally breaks Pippin down. Warning: Slight angst and fluff Pairing: Merry/Pippin Disclaimer: I do not own Merry, Pippin or Lord of the Rings. If I did there would be many drastic script-changes. Author's Note: It's just my luck that my love for Lord of the Rings should manifest into an obsession on the eve of the day that my GCSE exams start. *waves arms in panic* However this idea would not leave me alone until I did something about it, and it's just as well that often my stories tend to write themselves with little guidance from me, which is what happened with this one. The result of this added to the fact that I only spent a few hours on it because I need to get some revision done soon otherwise I am doomed forms my excuse for why it's slightly choppy and more emotional than I first intended. This is my first LotR fic so it may just be a load of codswallop, but Merry and Pip are easily my favourite characters and I think you'll agree that their relationship is adorable regardless of how you perceive it. Anyway, I've rambled for long enough now so I'll let you guys have what you came for. Reviews are greatly appreciated :) "Would you look at this place," said Merry in wonder. The guest chamber was nearly half the size of Crickhollow, the last hobbit-sized dwelling he could remember staying in. The double bed was made for a Man and the top of the mattress almost reached as high as his waist. The room also came complete with a huge window that occupied most of the far wall and a door that led off to a private bathroom. There was no mistake to be made: the chamber was fit for a king. Turning back to the door, Merry saw that his best friend was right where he'd left him. Pippin leaned against the doorway, his arms folded across his chest and one foot crossed over the other. His position added to the silken clothes Aragorn had insisted they both wear gave Pippin an overall air of self-righteousness. Seeking to bring his friend back down to his proper height, Merry went to him and tousled his curls. "No amount of fancy clothing or grand titles will overshadow the fact you're still a Took, Pip," he said fondly. "I know that," replied the younger hobbit. "It's just nice to feel important. It's not easy following in your footsteps, Merry. You always arrive somewhere first, and I'm left hurrying to catch up and by the time I have all the excitement has passed and it's time to move on. It's always been like that and I didn't mind as much when we were younger, but now I feel like it's my turn to be the one who gets there first, y'know?" Merry regarded his cousin with curiosity, his head cocked to one side. He wondered at the change that had come over Pippin since their separation, Merry's brief experience of battle and Pippin's short time in Denethor's service. The foolish Took that was forever being chided by Gandalf was gone and had been replaced with a hobbit who stood taller and prouder than the old Pippin had ever done, and possessed an air of wisdom and thoughtfulness that baffled Merry. Since the reunion at Minas Tirith, Pippin had suddenly left Merry's side more than once to wander off on his own. Merry would later find him staring over the ramparts at the ruins of Mordor. When asked what he was thinking about, Pippin would reply light-heartedly, "I was just wondering what the cooks are going to serve for dinner tonight. I am glad they know more about meals than Aragorn does – it's his fault that I've had to poke several new holes in my belt." Of course Merry knew he was lying; for one thing he found it suspicious that Pippin spent so much time thinking about food (even for a hobbit), and for another Merry never failed to notice the clouded, faraway look leaving Pippin's eyes when he was roused from his thoughts. Now though, inside the chamber that was more than large enough for their hobbit-requirements, Merry could share some much-needed alone time with this semi-stranger who had once been his long-term confident. This was one of the rare days when Pippin needed to be cheered up, and Merry knew just how to do it. "Hey, Pip, whaddaya say we get some ale from the kitchen? Bet it tastes almost as good here as it does in the Shire." A ghost of Pippin's infamous grin crossed his face. "Yeah, I'd like that. Just like old times, eh?" "Just like old times," Merry echoed, smiling affectionately. It suddenly dawned on him that he and Pippin were almost the same height now, and he could look directly into Pippin's eyes with just a fractional tilt of his head. "Say, Pip, did you drink more of Treebeard's water whilst I wasn't looking?" "No, Merry," Pippin replied innocently. "Though I think I may have grown a little since Lothlórien all the same. I may even grow taller than you." Merry snorted. "Don't get full of yourself; you've always been shorter than me and you always will be. Now come on and let's see about this ale." Soon enough they had completed the journey to the kitchen, aided by Pippin's prior knowledge of the layout of the citadel, and managed to acquire two full barrels of Minas Tirith's finest ale. They would have been happy to bear their precious cargo back to their rooms on their backs, but a few passing servants insisted on helping them to manage the load. Back in their chamber, each hobbit happily sipped from a mug (the mugs in Minas Tirith were rather larger than mugs in the Shire, much to their delight) as they stood side by side at the window and stared out across Gondor. Below them were the green lawns, the fountain and the new White Tree, of which Pippin was particularly fond. The branches were now laden with white blossoms whose petals drifted down like snowflakes onto the grass. The sunset tinged the gleaming walls of the citadel a faint orange and the Tree seemed to glow silver in the dying light. "Beautiful," Pippin murmured against the rim of his mug. "I should be happy to spend the rest of my days here if I did not miss the Shire so dearly. Nothing can compare to a summer's afternoon spent fishing down at the Brandywine, not even this." Merry hummed his agreement around a mouthful of ale. Pippin glanced sidelong at him, but quickly turned away when Merry met his gaze. "I bet even old Farmer Maggot misses us pinching his crops," Merry said. "I don't think I would even mind being chased by his dogs again." Merry laughed loudly. "Are you no longer able to hold your liquor, Pip?" "I'm serious!" Pippin insisted. He looked down at the garden below and exclaimed, "Is that Aragorn down there?" "Where?" demanded Merry, leaning closer to the window so that his nose was all but pressed against the pane. The tiny but distinct figure of the Ranger-turned-King was walking along the path towards the fountain, a dark-haired lady at his side. As the Halflings watched, the pair sat on the rim of the pool and leaned their heads close together, talking in soft voices. "I should think I would be willing to give all the riches in the world to have a lady like Queen Arwen for a wife," Merry said wistfully, turning his back to the window to give them some privacy. Pippin breathed in sharply and foam stuck in the back of his throat. "Since when?" he managed between coughs. A soft hue of rose tinted Merry's cheeks even as he rolled his eyes. "I never told you this but… I think I am in love with Lady Éowyn of Rohan." Pippin's eyes grew wide and he lowered his mug, having suddenly lost all interest in its contents. Merry continued in a rush, his cheeks reddening with every word. "She is full of courage and kindness and beauty, and she never treated me differently to the other soldiers because I am a hobbit. I think she and I both felt inferior but she never let that stop her. I rode with her into battle and oh, Pip, I was so frightened but she was there and she gave me strength. I'd never felt like that before in my whole life." Pippin laughed shakily. Merry turned on him, his eyebrows knitted. "What's so funny? Ere I thought you might understand, since you seem to be all of a sudden filled with wisdom. But perhaps you have not grown up at all!" "No Merry, I wasn't laughing at you! Well… I was… but not in the way that you think!" Merry's frown softened but did not altogether disappear. "I was just surprised to hear such words coming from you and was unsure of how to respond. I would never mock you." Still with his eyes narrowed in a way that made Pippin gulp, Merry pushed away from the windowsill, setting his mug down on a table on his way to the adjoining bathroom. "I'm taking a bath," he called over his shoulder, as if Pippin needed to be told. The door closed with a click that seemed to echo around the room and pass straight through Pippin. He placed his own mug on the windowsill, still half full, and went to sit on the bed. He had to heave himself up and put in an undignified scramble towards the end, but the soft mattress and silky sheets were reward enough for his efforts. The bed was far too large even for two of them. Pippin curled into a tight ball in the middle of it, tucking his chin into the collar of his tunic. The ache in his chest that had begun when Merry mentioned Lady Éowyn had expanded into a painful throbbing. "How could he fall in love?" Pippin thought despondently. "There's never been anyone else. Just me and him, that's all." Through the wall, he heard the splashes of Merry preparing his bath, and was transported back to the times when he had watched Merry boil water in a kettle over the fire and pour it into the waiting bathtub. Then they would both climb in, thinking nothing of the proximity, and throw handfuls of bubbles at each other's faces, laughing and spluttering until the water was cold and the floor soaked. Then Merry would wrap a towel around Pippin's quaking shoulders and they would sit by the fire, talking and smoking and sometimes singing as the sky outside the window grew dark. "Just me and Merry. No one else." Caught up in melancholy longings, Pippin's thoughts drifted until he was standing in the presence of the Steward Denethor and swallowing the bile rising in his throat as Faramir retreated from the room to make preparations for his suicide mission in Osgiliath. Pippin's heart struggled to comprehend the Steward's wish that Faramir had died in his brother's place when Faramir showed nothing but unconditional love for his father. He could not understand how anyone could sit idly by whilst all those Men – including Faramir, Aragorn and (Pippin's heart quailed to think it) Merry – were giving up their lives in a hopeless attempt to save Middle-earth. Pippin could not remember a time when he had felt more lost and alone, surrounded by strangers with not a friendly face in sight. War was no place for a hobbit and Pippin longed with everything his small body could muster to be back safely in the Shire. Had he not felt any of this, he would never have thought to sing the