Title: Comforts of Home Author: Andolin Rating: T Summary: After aprolonged captivity, Legolas finds that adjusting to life at home is not as easy as he thought it would be. Disclaimer: I do not own any recognizable features of from the Lord of the Rings, they all belong to Tolkien. Author's Note: Hey everyone! This has been bouncing around in my head for a while now so I thought that I'd write it down and see what everyone thought; I hope you like it! Thanks for taking the time to read and if I'd love to hear what you think about it in a review! Enjoy… o-o-o-o Thranduil watched his son carefully. The healers had deemed him healthy over a week ago, but Thranduil was still skeptical of their proclamation. Perhaps he was indeed well enough to be up and out of bed as they said, but he was most certainly not healed. His son had changed since his father had last seen him. The years since then had been trying for all of Mirkwood, but mostly for Legolas. It was never easy to be a captive of orcs… Legolas had led a long patrol down into the heart of the darkness that tainted their forest. He and the warriors with him were expected to be gone for about two years, and with as far south as they had traveled, there was very little communication between the patrol and Mirkwood. Still, once every two to three months the patrol would try to send a report back to the palace. There were periods of silence from both sides, but when no word had been received from Legolas in over six months, Thranduil was worried; he could not help but to think that the worst had happened. He sent out another patrol to find out what had happened, and hoped that they would return with good news. But that was not to be. The patrol had found the remains of most of the elves that had been with Legolas, but not all of them. Several bodies had been missing, the prince's included. They had managed to pick up the path of the orcs that had attacked them, and were relatively certain that the prince and others whose bodies had not been found had been taken to Dol Guldur. Thranduil was distraught. Several of his advisors told him that any attempt at a rescue would be futile, they did not have the strength necessary to successfully assault Dol Guldur, but Thranduil did not listen, he could not. He had to believe that his son was still alive or else fall into despair himself. It had taken all of Thranduil's reserve not to pull as many troops as he could find from their stations and march them to Dol Guldur. Every minute of every day he was consumed by the knowledge of what was undoubtedly happening to his son. He knew that his advisers were right about one thing, however: Dol Guldur was too strong and Mirkwood did not have the strength necessary to succeed in an all-out attack. It was instead a small group of elves, Thranduil included, that infiltrated the fortress with stealth while a larger patrol tried to distract the orcs that were so numerous in the area. Thranduil knew that they would only have one chance to save Legolas; assuming that he was even still alive, he would certainly be killed if they failed. It had been a frantic search in the dungeons, they had known that they did not have much time and they still needed to get out safely. By some miracle, it had worked, they had found Legolas, and he was still alive, but certainly not well. When they had finally found the right cell, the sight of his son, unconscious and in chains, was seared into Thranduil's mind forever. The entire expedition was a blur for Thranduil after that. His entire world had condensed to getting his son out of that place alive. Though they searched longer than was wise, they could not find the other missing elves. The journey back to Mirkwood was difficult. Legolas was unconscious for most of the trip, and the few times that he had pulled himself to semi-consciousness when the healers were trying to treat his wounds, he was so disoriented and confused that he could not even tell that they were helping him, and not hurting him further. He had fought back, several times to the point that other elves had to restrain him to keep him from hurting himself. It had broken Thranduil's heart, Legolas was so far gone that he did not even recognize his own father's voice. They somehow managed to keep the prince alive until they got back to the palace, where Mirkwood's best healers could take over. They worked long and hard, and managed to save his life. Thranduil had never been more relieved in his life than when Legolas finally opened his eyes and focused on his father. "Ada," he said softly, his voice rough from dehydration. Thranduil smiled at his son, confident in that moment that everything would be alright. o-o-o-o All things considered, Legolas did not spend all that much time in the healing wing. Now, it was back to life as usual, but it was quickly becoming obvious that that was far easier said than done. He had not been gone all that long as elves measured time; the patrol had lasted about two years and his captivity just over five months. He had been gone far longer than that multiple times before, but this time was different. The patrol itself had been more difficult than usual; the southern reaches of the forest were unforgiving in terms of terrain and enemies. It was ever a darker and more dangerous place that even the animals avoided, but Thranduil's folk still sought to defend it and restore it to its former beauty and glory. During the patrol, Legolas had grown accustomed to sleeping on the ground or in a tree, assuming that he even slept at all, many nights he was awake guarding their camp or strategizing for the upcoming weeks. Meals were sparse and consisted of whatever nuts, berries, and game they could find; their supply of lembas had run out in the first year of the patrol. Life had been difficult, but certainly tolerable, and he had been with some of his best friends. The orcs had tracked them. They knew that they were being followed, but they had underestimated the number of orcs that tailed them, and that was ultimately their downfall. The orcs attacked in the middle of the night and they had quickly been overwhelmed by the superior numbers; those who had not been killed outright had been taken back to Dol Guldur, and Legolas had lost track of his companions. From that point on, Legolas' life had been a living hell. He had resigned himself to years in captivity and held little hope for his survival; after all, no one was looking for him or his patrol. It could have been several months before anyone even realized that something may have happened. Even when they did figure out what had happened, Legolas knew that there was a chance that they would not even try to rescue him. As a captain of the Mirkwood army, he knew how well defended Dol Guldur was, he was well aware that at least some of his father's advisors would advise against any sort of a rescue. Given the way everything had worked out, he knew that he was lucky on many accounts. It was lucky that he had survived the attack and his captivity, that his father had acted on his suspicions that something was amiss as soon as he did, that they had found and successfully rescued him, and the list went on; he knew all of that, but it was hard somehow it failed to comfort him now. The entire time he had been in that cell—hungry, cold, hurting, and alone—he had thought of home for comfort and sometimes just to stay sane. The images of his mother and father forced him to keep fighting, to keep surviving. He did not allow himself to forget what would happen to them if he gave up. Thoughts of home had given him a reason to exist in his unpredictable and terrible world; they had been a light in his darkness. While images of home had sustained him while a captive, images of his captivity continued to haunt him while home. Surrounded by the people who loved him the most and the people he loved the most, his world was still as dark as ever. He felt like a stranger in his own home. He wandered the halls that he had grown up in as though for the first time. The most familiar place in all of Middle Earth for him now felt foreign. It hit him for the first time at dinner on his first night out of the healing wing. He sat down and was struck by how soft and comfortable his chair was, it had always been that was, but it had taken two years on patrol and several months of rock and stone for him to notice. Then they had put a plate of food in front of him as had happened countless times before without his even having thought about it. For a moment he could only stare stupidly at his plate, assaulted by the delicious scents and sight of their dinner; he did not know what to eat first or if he was even hungry. "Legolas," his father said, wrenching him from his reverie, "is something amiss?" "No, Ada," Legolas replied quickly, picking up his fork and starting to eat, "everything just looks so good." He did not bother to add 'compared to what I have been eating for the last two and some years.' His father looked at him suspiciously, but said nothing, even as he noticed that Legolas barely ate anything. Late that same night it had hit him again as he took a bath. Vanity was of little importance on patrol and captivity had accustomed him to the feel and smell of constant sweat, blood, and grime. The idea of having a warm bath and clean clothes available to him at his leisure was almost incomprehensible, like everything else in his life seemed to be at the time. Nothing and everything had changed. Or rather, nothing had changed, but his perception of everything had altered so drastically that he felt like he had to learn how to be himself again. He had kept telling himself to just give it time; everything would get better with time. But it had been two weeks, and he still felt as out of place and disconnected as he had on that first night. During the day, it was easy enough not to think about it. Surrounded by familiar faces and responsibilities he could slip into old patterns and routines without having to think about anything. Many times he had returned home from long patrols, tired and battle weary, and found comfort in the routine of normal life, but this time was like no other before it. He fulfilled his duties with his usual attention to detail, but his heart was not in it; he went through the motions without his ordinary care. His definition of normalcy had evolved so much in his time away. Normal had become sleeping on a damp and hard rock floor instead of a soft and warm bed; pain and hunger were constant, unavoidable companions; verbal and physical abuse had been a daily occurrence, the terms 'prince' and 'elf' had become insults—he still had to hide a flinch every time another referred to him by his title. He had expected coming home to be easy, and he found that it was anything but. He had not anticipated the problems and challenges of