A/N: So, this story is also known as "the little story that could". I started working on it around the same time I started Midnight Run. I had a plot in mind, with a clear beginning, middle, and end, unlike Midnight Run, which has spiraled off in some very strange directions. I wrote 5 chapters, then decided that it sucked and I wasn't going to finish it. Fast forward a year, and I was transcribing it out of the notebook and into the computer, just to keep track of it. Turns out, I actually like this story this time around, and will be finishing it eventually. This story will have multiple POV's, and will be as canon compliant as possible. It takes place in between Twilight and New Moon. Also, if you guys haven't figured it out yet, Jasper is my favorite character : ) Jasper The cafeteria had become hot, almost suffocating in its oppressiveness. Logically, I knew that the temperature hadn't changed at all, that my body was responding to false signals sent by my overtired brain, but it didn't make things any easier to deal with. It always started like this, a sense of heat that rapidly turned into a pounding headache that could take hours or even days to subside. I could feel it already, each of the emotions put off by the student population like a spike into my brain. Such was the curse of all vampires with extraordinary mental gifts, or at least those who lived in large groups. Though a vampire's brain was superior in many ways to a human's, even immortals have their limits. I had a rather high tolerance for emotional chaos, having been reborn right into the thick of it, but certain times of the year were more trying than others. Any time before a break or around finals, the tension and excitement would rocket to nearly unbearable levels, making both Edward and me tense and snarky. I love my gift, and would be totally lost without it, but there were definitely times when I wished that it came with an 'Off' switch. It was only the beginning of October, though, and there was nothing that should have been causing the sudden upswing in emotions. With a soft sigh, I rubbed at my eyes, trying to block out some of the harsh lighting. Why did every school we went to have those horrible fluorescent lights? Always alert to my emotions, Alice broke off her conversation with Bella. "Are you all right?" Not by a long shot. "No. I'm calling Esme to come get me." The carefully chosen words told them everything they needed to know. The issue wasn't that I was thirsty and bothered by the humans. If it had been, I wouldn't have bothered involving Esme. It was a short run to the house, at least for a vampire, and I could have stopped at any point in the woods and hunted. No, I would only bother Esme if I didn't think I could get home safely on my own. Edward already had his phone out. I was thankful that he did, because, even from across the table, the beeping of the buttons was like little nails being pounded into my head. Any closer and I would have been in agony. Alice laid a cool hand on my neck, kneading the tense muscles. I concentrated on her familiar emotional signature, blocking everything else out. She frowned and touched me again. "You're warm." That was unusual, as a raised body temperature generally required a heartbeat, but I couldn't summon the strength to care. I shrugged again instead and laid my head down in my arms. Alice continued to talk, her conversation mixing with Edward's. "Maybe you aren't . . . Almost over, you need to get him out of biology . . . Bella, you tell me if you think he's fevering . . . Think it's the same thing he gets every year . . . He won't hurt you . . . I love you, bye." Bella's heartbeat got louder as she came around the table to check on me. My head pounded in the same rhythm, but for once, biting her was the last thing on my mind. Actually, the thought of feeding at all was making my stomach churn. Bella touched my back first, as if I were a skittish colt that needed to be reminded that she was there, then put a wrist against my forehead. I was pretty sure I was in trouble when Bella's skin felt no warmer than Alice's had. "He's burning up." Great. Now not only was the entire family staring at me, but the emotions they were putting off were making things even worse. Shrill beeps told me that Edward was on the phone again. "Esme? Yeah, listen, he's running a fever, too . . . I don't know . . . He doesn't look good . . . Probably a good idea. Okay, bye." He put his face down in front of mine, something I absolutely hated. "Esme's going to call Carlisle and have him come take a look at you." I pressed my face into my arms, just to get away from him. "Okay." The bell rang, making me whine softly and force my face down even further. Usually I tried to avoid making any sort of animal noise in public, but I couldn't help it. Someone lightly pulled me to my feet. For a minute, my balance failed, and I had to fall back against them. The enormous bulk told me that it was Emmett, and I leaned on him with my eyes closed until I regained my equilibrium. Big as he was, he was capable of being very gentle, if not quiet, and he kept hold of me while leading me down to the lobby. "Come on; don't want you snacking on the students in your next class. Feed a fever, right?" Despite his jovial attitude, I could feel the nervousness rolling off of him. No, it was starve a fever. Or was it? Trying to think only made me feel worse. Rosalie rubbed my shoulder, flinching a little when she felt the heat. "I'll tell your teacher that you went home sick. Suck it up, Jasper, you'll be fine." Though the words sounded extremely harsh, they really weren't. Rose and I communicated in our own way, and she knew I could feel the love behind her statement. Luckily, the lobby was virtually deserted, and we were able to sit on one of the benches in relative peace. Emmett was quiet for about two minutes, which was probably some sort of record for him, before turning to look me over critically. "You look like shit, bro." As bad as I felt, I couldn't help but laugh a little at his frankness. "Feel like it, too." He nodded, his eyes focused on the parking lot out front. I couldn't read minds like Edward, but I knew he was hoping Esme would be here soon, so she could fix things for us. "Any idea what's wrong?" This was about the only time I got any respect from the rest of the family. They might all have better control then I did, and at least half of them were smarter, but I knew more than they did about vampires, period. Of all of them, only Carlisle had spent any time with other, non-vegetarian, vampires, and even then it was the Volturi, who can't be counted as normal. Only I knew how to fight other vampires, or how to behave around them socially, or what to do in case of a bad bite. So I guessed it was logical for Emmett to think that I would know about the things that might cause illness in a vampire. Logical, yes, but I was coming up short. "I don't know." In the century and a half that I had been a vampire, I had never heard of symptoms like these. Headaches, yes. Even some stomachaches from vampires who fed off ill or dying humans, but a fever and balance problems? Never. He fell silent again, probably sensing that I didn't really want to talk. I closed my eyes, secure in the knowledge that my biggest brother would protect me. His hand was still on the back of my neck, something I normally disliked, but the coolness of his skin felt so good that I was willing to overlook that for now. He shifted abruptly. "Esme's here." I had known that already. My body might be giving up on me, but my gift worked just fine, and I had known Esme's signature as soon as she entered the parking lot. She appeared in front of me, crooning sympathetically and checking on my temperature herself. I wasn't sure why everyone was suddenly so interested in doing that. Due to our extremely low body temperatures, vampires are lousy judges of how warm something might be. I couldn't even begin to count the number of times that Bella had been served something that was lukewarm at best by my well-intentioned foster mother. Hard metal was pushed into my hand. "Why don't you go out to the car? I'll take care of things here." Emmett stood up with me, no doubt in case I got dizzy again. He stopped at the front door, the stupid school rules preventing him from actually going outside. "You gonna be all right?" "Yeah, thanks." Maybe. The dizziness had passed, but my throat had begun to hurt, making it difficult to swallow. It wasn't the sharp burn that signaled a need to hunt; this was more of a fullness that made me feel like there was something stuck in there. "See you in a few hours?" "You know it." He gave me what he probably thought was a gentle pop on the shoulder, but my muscles were sore and I could barely hold back a flinch. What the hell was wrong with me? The car was parked less than a hundred yards away, barely far enough for me to hit my full stride on a good day, but the way I was feeling right now, it might as well have been on the moon. With painfully slow steps, I made my way to it and curled up in the passenger seat. It felt good to be able to rest for a minute. Some time passed, a minute or an hour, and Esme appeared again, brimming over with maternal worry. Even after all these years, it surprised me that she worried so much about what would probably turn out to be nothing at all. Hell, I had dragged myself home missing limbs before and had Maria pretty much tell me to shake it off. Esme pushed the hair back from my forehead. "You rest for a little bit, okay? Carlisle will be here as soon as he's out of surgery, and he'll get you fixed right up." I didn't reply, but she didn't seem to be expecting me to as she started the car. The vibrations from the engine caused some of my headache to go away, and I closed my eyes. The house was a good distance from the school, just barely in the district, and I was hoping to shore up enough strength to get inside without having to ask Esme for help. She was already worried enough about something that would probably be minor. I probably just needed day or two to rest and be away from that school and the two thousand emotional and hormonal teenagers that occupied it. Sure, I'd be fine in a day or two. "Jasper? Come on, honey." Esme's voice was never anything but gentle, but her worry was now overwhelming. "Jasper?" "Yeah?" My mind felt foggy, like I was having trouble hearing and understanding her. With a great effort, I forced my eyes open. Her smile was still there, but there was a definite