A/N- This is a new story in which I plan on three stories about 28 chapters each. I plan on updating every week if possible. Also as a disclaimer I do not own anything in the PJO universe. And I'm pretty sure you know who does. And this is the first and last time I will be saying it. The Titles for all the chapters will be song titles. The song that inspired this chapter is Nightmare By Halifax -XxMoonReaperxX Chapter 1: Nightmare I was having a strange dream, but that is usually how it is. I was in what looked like a jail cell. There was a small amount of light coming from outside of the cell. I started to check out my surroundings within the cell. The walls were made of some kind of stone, maybe concrete. There was a bed behind me and on it was a girl sprawled out and by the looks of it she was badly beaten. The girl had light skin and she had long curly black hair. Her eyes were a mix of green and blue almost like the ocean. For some strange reason it felt like I knew her. Seconds later I heard footsteps coming towards the cell. A dark figure walked up to the cell and stepped into the light, he was a tall man with short black hair, kind of like a haircut you would get if you were in the military, he had brown eyes with a scar on his left cheek. "Well what do we have here"? The man said as he walked over to the girl. "Did we tell you that you could sleep"? "What the hell is going on?" I asked, but it was like I wasn't there. The man walked over to the girl and grabbed her arm and yanked her up out of the bed and dragged her out of the cell and down the hall. The girl let out a loud ear piercing scream so I ran out of the cell and chased after them. The scene shifted and I was standing in a large makeshift throne room. There was a lone chair at the end of the room. A boy around 15 or 16 with black hair and blue eyes sat on the throne. He was wearing a plain black shirt and faded jeans. The door slammed open and the boy had a devilish grin on his face. "How is our guest today Thomas?" the boy asked as the man from the cell dragged the girl into the room. "I found her asleep in her cell." Thomas replied. The girl had a scared look on her face and I knew I had to do something but couldn't. "Come, now Alice, why do you look so scared? The boy asked with a smile on his face. "Please don't kill me Jordan." The girl let out with a sob. "Now what would make you think I would do a thing like that to my only sister?" Jordan asked sarcastically. "I know that you know where the child of that arrogant war god is. Now tell me or I will kill you." He demanded. "I swear I don't know what you are talking about." Alice said looking straight at me. Jordan turned his head to see what she was looking at. "What are you staring at" Jordan asked. "Nothing I just can't look at your pathetic face." Alice said in disgust. "If that's how you want it fine. Thomas brings her here." "Yes my lord" Thomas said quickly. What happened next shocked me completely. Jordan unsheathed his sword and held it at her throat. "I will ask you one more time, where is Eric Davies?" he asked putting more force behind his sword. Wait a minute did he just ask where I was? "Please don't do this." Alice begged. He raised his sword ready to slit her throat and as he swung down Alice said "Okay, I'll tell you." She said. "He lives on a small isolated island off the coast of Florida. He doesn't know of his godly parentage or of his twin sister Michelle." "Well thanks for the information Alice, you have been very helpful. And we wouldn't want you to go unrewarded for this." Jordan smiled. "So you aren't going to kill me?" Alice asked nervously. "Wouldn't dream of it Alice." Jordan laughed as he slit her throat and her body fell to the floor. "Thomas, clean this up and get the plane ready. We are going on a little trip." Jordan smiled as he looked straight at me. As soon as he said that I woke up in my room covered in sweat with my 8 year old half-brother Keith sitting at the edge of my bed staring at me. "Are you ok?" he asked with concern. "Yea I just had a bad dream that's all." I said. "I need to talk to my mom, is she up yet?" I asked. "Yea she just woke up." he said. "Can we go outside and play basketball." He asked while he was jumping on me. "Yea just give me an hour to talk to mom and we can go okay buddy." I said trying to get him off of me. I got up and kicked Keith out of my room and got dressed. I looked in the mirror and for a 16 year old boy I don't look half bad. I have short black hair with red tips. My eyes are brown with a speck of gold in them. I have both of my ears pierced and a lip ring that my mother isn't too happy about. I am of average build with tan skin from living on the island. I put on some faded jeans and a black shirt with all of my favorite bands written on it with silver sharpie. I walked downstairs and saw my mom sitting at the table drinking her coffee. My mom did the best she could raising Keith and I. She got remarried to Greg, who was treated like he was my actual father, when I was 6 and two years later they had Keith. *flashback* Greg died a year later protecting us while we went on our annual camping trip. While my mom was unpacking the car my step dad and I went to the river to catch some fish for dinner. We were out there for 3 hours and we had no luck. "I'm starting to think we aren't going to catch anything." I pouted. "I am going to have to agree to that. Good thing your mother packed some food into the cooler." He said with a laugh. So we headed back to the campsite with no fish. "Well how is this supposed to be a camping trip if we have to eat store bought food?" My mom joked. We sat down to dinner around the fire and I heard a noise in the bushes. "Did you guys hear that?" my mom asked with a scared look on her face. "No, what did you hear?" Greg questioned. "I heard a noise coming from behind those bushes." My mom replied Then out of nowhere a giant dog jumped out of the bushes and started to come towards me. The dog was as big as grizzly bear and looked like a black mastiff. Greg picked up the cooler and threw it at the dog. "Take Eric and get in the car and lock the doors." Greg yelled "I want to stay and help Greg." I pleaded "No, I need you to take care of your mom." Greg said. My mom then took me to the car and we got in and locked the door. Then I heard him start to scream. I unlocked the door and ran back to the campsite to find Greg on the ground with blood all over him. He was dead. I felt a strange wave of emotions pass through my head, the most prominent being anger. There was a red aura surrounding my body. I chased after the Dog to find it waiting for me by the river. I picked up the heaviest branch I could find. As soon as my fingers gripped the branch I found myself holding a bronze sword about 3 feet in length. The dog leapt at me and I side stepped at the last second slicing the dogs side. The dog stumbled a bit and charged again. I then leapt on top of the dog and stabbed the dog in the neck and it turned to dust. After that the sword turned back into a branch and broke in half. I suddenly felt light headed and fell to the ground. The last thing I remember was my mom running towards me crying. I woke up a day later in the hospital. *End Flashback* They said I fainted due to the emotional stress of finding Greg's dead body. My mother and I knew it was something totally different but she wouldn't explain it to me. After that incident she moved us to and isolated island, and took a job teaching online classes to college students. She even found the time to home school the both of us. Even though I had ADHD and dyslexia she managed to get me through half of high school. So you can say that we are a close family. I would never expect her to lie to me so I decided now was the time to ask her about the dream. "Mom, can I talk to you for a second." I asked with a worried look on my face. "Sure you can sweetie." My mom said with a smile. "Alone." I said looking at Keith. He looked like he was about to cry but I smiled at him and said "After this I'll come outside and play some basketball with you okay. "You better." Keith said walking out of the room. "Alright mom I have two questions and I want you to be one hundred percent honest with me." I demanded. "Okay what are they?" she asked with a surprised look on her face. "Do I have a twin sister and what really happened to my real dad?" "Why would you want to know if you had a sister?" she asked trying to brush the question off. I explained the dream to her excluding the killing part. "So is it true?' I asked hopefully. "I thought I had more time, But yes it is true. You do have a twin sister named Michelle and well your father on the other hand, well that's a little harder to explain without you thinking I am lying to you." She explained. "Do you know of the myths about Greek gods and goddesses?" she asked. "Yea like Ares and Zeus right?" I looked at her and started laughing. "What does that have to do with my father? I asked. "It has everything to do with your father." She said. "Alright explain because I am lost?" I said. "Well it all started when I was about 19 and I finished high school. Your father and I met while I was in New York on vacation. He was very charming at first but then I got to know him and I found out the hard way that he was no good. I saw him out with another woman. That was the night when I was going to tell him I was pregnant. I walked up to the both of them and slapped him in the face and punched the woman in the face. Turns out it isn't wise to punch a goddess in the face. "What do you mean you punched a goddess in the face?" I asked "Well I happened to punch the goddess Aphrodite and turns out it wasn't a very good idea. She cursed my love life and vanished leaving me standing there with a very confused look on my face. I told