THIS TAKES PLACE AFTER THE MOCKINJAY. MADGE DID NOT DIE IN THE DISTRICT 12 BOMBING. GALE'S POV A long line of refugees is stringing past me, double file, as they wait for us to assign them their temporary quarters. So many people! I muse in dismay. I clench my fists involuntarily. We may have overthrown the capitol, but still at every turn there is fresh evidences of the atrocities they've committed. Three whole train cars packed full of individuals only now able to be released from the hospital. I don't even want to imagine what untold tortures they suffered. If I am honest, a good deal of the men and women filing past me don't look as if they are in fit condition to be released. Their physical wounds may have healed, but many show evidence of deeper hurts that are still raw and infested. There is a strange haunted look in the eyes of the girl I am assisting right now. I have to explain again more slowly, and point more clearly before she seems to vaguely comprehend what I am trying to say. Limping she make her way off to follow my directions. I glance up over the crowd of thin, emaciated forms, clothed in random, ill-fitting garments. This is just a fraction of the capitol's victims - a minute fraction of the ones who actually survived the endless hours of confinement and torture. I grimace wondering just how many didn't. An all-consuming desire to violently smash something into a million pieces overwhelms me. It won't compensate for the wrongs these people have suffered, but it would at least make me feel slightly better. My eyes skim over the ever moving line, and suddenly my heart stops. Long wavy, blonde hair – not that there has been any absence of fair haired women in the crowd, but there is something different here. No! I can't be. There simply isn't any way! The women's head is down; her hair hanging rather limply on either side, shielding it from my desperate view. My eyes are riveted to this small figure. As if sensing she is the object of observation, her head raises, vacant, blue eyes instantly fixating on me. Madge! I know she instantly recognizes me by the way her gaze falters and drops to the floor. I am too astonished for words. I want to defy protocol and run to her, pulling her away from all this. She shouldn't been here. If I was enraged at the general condition of the refugees before, the sight of Madge, pallid and stooped, the collar bones on her neck jutting out in a thoroughly alarming manner, makes me positively livid with rage. With a feverish enthusiasm, I continue to survey and sign the forums belonging to each person I hastily pass through the line, aware that with each signature I am getting closer to Madge. Finally she is just behind the elderly man I'm inspecting, her eyes glued to the floor, her face still barely visible beneath her sheen of golden hair. Then I meet her gaze once more as she extends a limp hand with her papers clutched between the fingers. "Gale," is all she says, in a soft, expressionless voice. I'm deathly afraid that at any moment I am going to completely lose it, grab this girl and clutch her to me in desperation. I simply cannot let that happen, so all I venture is a gruff, "I didn't expect to see you here." I don't trust myself to say more "Really?" is her only reply. I'm holding her papers towards her. With a hasty gesture, she takes them back and moves along the line. She is going to the same section as all the other young women. I must visit her later. Madge! I still can't believe she is here. Although it was never confirmed, I always assumed she was dead. The next four hours feel like an eternity. When we have finally completed all the necessary arrangements for the refugees, I make a beeline for the sector I know Madge will be in. Walking into the long bunkroom, I make my way towards the end. She was assigned to one of the higher numbers. As I approach, I see her sitting Indian style on the bed, her back towards me as she gazes at what seems to be the blank grey wall in front of her. "Madge." My voice sounds strangely soft. She jumps up, bringing herself to her full height in front of me. I tower at least a foot over her, not that I have never noticed this fact before, it's just that she can't weight more than ninety pounds now, making her seem much smaller and more vulnerable than ever before. "I need to talk to you," I state rather uncertainly, "Could you come out of here for a minute." Her eyes look up at me questioningly, but she nods and follows me from the room. I lead the way out onto a large patio that lies behind the building. To my great delight the place is nearly deserted, the only occupants being a couple sitting far right corner. They look sufficiently oblivious to us – to the entire world actually. Mutely I motion towards a table located at the greatest obtainable distance from these two, and we sit down. Now that I actually have Madge in front of me, with the ability to talk to her uninterrupted and unhindered, my mouth seems to turn to paste. All I can manage to mutter is, "I thought you were dead!" "Everybody did,' she replies dryly. "What happened to you?" I asked incredulous. I know nothing of her story. An expression of pain briefly passes over her face. Abruptly the knowledge of exactly what kind of story this is going to be sinks in. "After-," she begins, but I raise my hand in protest. "No!" It comes out harsher than I intended, "I can't listen to what they did to you. I can't take hearing that right now!" It may be my imagination but it seems as if a more intense flash of pain is momentarily evident in her blue eyes; I can't be quite sure. "How long have you been in two?" she asks. "Ever since Katniss was acquitted," I flinch slightly. Madge nods, apparently well acquainted with the details of President Coin's death and her friend's exoneration. Silence reigns supreme. Madge's attitude is reserved at the very best, but then again I don't really blame her considering our last parting nearly two years ago was anything but cordial. I simply want her to know that I don't feel that way anymore – that for some inexplicable reason she's been continually on my mind for the last year – that wherever I turn I always see something that recalls memories of her – that I've wanted with every fiber of my being for her to come back – that when I saw her standing there starved and bruised, besides the anger at her condition that filled me, I was also felt the first real fragment of hope I've experience in a long time. It is more than just seeing a familiar face among a throng, it was seeing her face. The girl who always managed to make things ok, even in the worst possible circumstances – the girl who had helped me survive while Katniss was in a desperate struggle for her life. Somehow, I can't seem to find the words to say to make Madge understand. When I try to formulate them into coherent, polite sentences they seem jumbled and complex. If I am 100% honest, I truly don't even understand myself the exact nature of my feelings and what causes them. "It is such a relief to see you, Madge," I finally manage to say, looking her keenly in the face, "It's very lonely and strange here. You're the last person I would have ever expected to see; I can't believe how fortunate I am." There! That didn't sound too bad. However the corners of her lips only twitch up slightly forming a sad smile. I don't understand why she won't speak! I'm driven to desperation, "You don't know what it is to see someone I know. All it is here is soldiers and thousands of people I've never seen before. Everything is so formal, Lieutenant Hawthorne this, and Yes, Sir. I feel like I'm going mental!" She nods, her face a blank, clean chalkboard. I haven't had anyone to talk to in ages. Somehow the two years between us seems to vanish, and I am desperately pouring out all my miseries once more to her listening ears. The travesties of the war, the isolation I feel from my former friends, how much I miss my family, Katniss, Prim, how my bomb unwitting caused the death of innocent children. It all comes out like a flood. It feels so indescribably good to get the weight of months' worth of guilt, shame, and misery off of my chest and out into the open. She listens without saying a word to my endless torrent, until when I'm finished she comes over to me, as I sit my head dropped into my hands and wraps her small, frail arm around my shoulders. "Gale," the soft sound of her voice causes me to straighten myself up. As I do so, her arm slips back to her side, taking a sense of security and comfort with it. Her face is somber and grave, her tone kind but firm, "Gale. I can't express how sorry I am for everything. You've been through hell, I know. This war has been awful, you've suffered so much. I'm not trying to push you off, or downplay what you've been through, but I just can't do this." I'm confused, "What are you taking about, Madge?" Her voice gets louder and a hint of desperation manifests itself, "Gale, I just can't do this again. I can't be your punching bag or whatever you'd call me. I'm just not strong enough." Stammering, I ask blankly, "What do you mean? My punching bag? I've never hurt you like that?" "Not physically, no," she replies dropping her head. The fading sunlight catches on her eyelashes, and I see the glint of tears. Unsure of my ground, I'm left speechless for a moment, somehow not quite making out the exact purport she intents her words to carry. Then she is sitting in her chair again, her head sunk into her hands, her whole frail body racking with heart wrenching sobs. In consternation, I leap from my chair and go to her, attempting to put my arm around her as comfort, but I can feel her body tense under my touch. She moves from the chair and stands in front of me. Her eyes suddenly look bloodshot; the full reality of her fatigue hits me. She is speaking again with a frantic desperation entirely new to me, "Don't you understand? I'm not invincible! I have a breaking point too! I was there for you when Katniss left the first time. I thought we were really finally friends." Her face is streaked with tears. She continues her voice unsteady and broken, "We shared with each other; somehow we made it through those awful weeks. For a moment I was deceived enough to suppose that what she returned, we would still be friends, but I should have known better. I didn't ever hope for more, just friendship. "After the games were over, I wasn't anything anymore. Then the quell came. I should have known better, but somehow it seemed so natural for us to slip back into our old acquaintanceship. It came so instinctively for me. You needed me again, until I actually came to you for help – for understanding – and you just threw me off like I was nothing but the useless mayor's daughter that I think you never