Prologue Choices Ariana was shaking, as she stood behind a door, listening to her brothers argue. Again. "Albus! Don't think for a moment that I'll let you go though with your foolish plans! You promised Ariana-" She flinched as she heard her name and took a step back. Her brothers, Albus and Aberforth, had been arguing a lot recently, but never about her. Not in front of her anyway. Don't panic, don't panic, she tried desperately to remember what Ab told her to do when she was scared, but she couldn't think properly. Sometimes just imagining her favourite brother talking to her would be enough to make her better, but hearing him shout her name like that, with so much anger, had broken down whatever calm she had and left her mind open to terrible memories. Her father's arrest. Her mother's death. Muggles. "-ake her with you, wherever it is you're planning to go, making your clever little speeches trying to whip yourselves up a following!" There was a loud roar of anger and Ariana fell to her knees. "You STUPID boy! Stupid little fool! Don't you understand! We are doing this for her, so that she do-" Ariana was shaking so much she was surprised that they couldn't hear her hiding behind the door. She hated Albus' new friend from the moment they met. She didn't get many chances to meet and talk to new people since moving to Godric's Hollow, so she was excited, so excited that even Aberforth's hesitation about the meeting faltered. He was tall and handsome and smiled at her, but it didn't feel right. Even since the Muggle boys attacked her, the one part of her magic she could rely on was being able to sense vague thoughts and emotions around her. Aberforth always felt nothing but love, and occasionally a little worry for her. Albus loved her as well, but she knew he also felt pity and frustration towards her. What she felt from Gellert was so unfamiliar that it took a while to understand. There was no pity or fear, obviously no love, but no loathing either, as some witches and wizards felt towards the Dumbledore's squib child. She then followed his eyes that moved towards her brother even while he was talking to her. Then she understood. This boy wanted something from her brother, and he was going to use her to get it from him. She couldn't tell Albus what she felt then, but as soon as she could she went to Ab and told him what she felt. That was this morning. " Crucio !" Ariana jerked her head up and tears started flowing as she heard her brother screaming in pain. "Gellert, stop!" There was more shouting and then several loud bangs. Ariana tried to struggle onto her shaking legs. It was her fault, she should never have told Ab, they already argued so much, she should have just kept quiet. She gripped the door tightly, it was her fault, she had to stop them. She opened the door to three young wizards sending spells at each other in a mad frenzy. Windows were cracked and furniture lay broken around their feet and Ariana stood rooted on the spot, helpless and unable to do anything. Her brothers hadn't noticed her yet, but her eyes met Gellert's and she felt it again, a wild determination. His eyes quickly found Aberforth and after deflecting a spell directed at him, he waved his wand, quick as lightning and shot a jet of red light, striking Aberforth in the chest stunning him instantly. Whatever glued Ariana's foot to the floor disappeared at that moment and she was wailing and running towards her fallen brother. "He's just stunned Albus, just stunned!" Gellert Grindelwald said quickly. Ariana was crying so hard now, she felt like she couldn't breathe. She lifted her brother's head and tried to wake him up. "How could you Gellert, how-" Albus glared at his friend, his wand still raised. "He drew his wand first! I had to defend myself." Gellert said, with no hint of remorse. Ariana felt someone walk behind her and lay a hand just above her brother's mouth. She heard a sigh of relief. "He's going to be fine Ariana." The voice then hardened. "The Cruciatus curse, Gellert? On my brother?" "I'm sorry. I was angry, I'm sorry Albus." he wasn't, Ariana thought. He wasn't sorry at all. Ariana took a deep breath and chanced a look up at Albus and his friend. Al wouldn't lie to her, if he said Ab was going to be fine, she believed him. Albus held his wand firmly at Gellert, who had his wand pointing at the ground, away from the three Dumbledores, but his eyes remained unwavering, holding onto Albus' gaze. "Albus." Gellert hesitated for a moment, then spoke again. "Where we are opposed, as we surely will be, this must be the basis of all our counterarguments." "For the greater good." muttered the young wizard, briefly glancing at his unconscious brother. Gellert's eyes flashed and he continued his attack. "This is your first and perhaps greatest opposition Albus, a trial you must overcome. You and me together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. On the battlefield, back to back, we can out-dual any and survive innumerable odds. In the great halls of our people, side-by-side, we can let out convictions be heard, and lead them down the right path. But this, this is your trial, a choice you must make. Stay here and be content looking after your family, or come with me, for them and so many others, and give them more than they could ever hope for. A world your sister doesn't have to shy away from, a world she can join..." There was a long silence. Ariana had stopped crying, and was staring at the back of Albus' head, and repeated the words, 'please don't go', over and over again in her mind, but she couldn't make a noise. This was important, she could tell, a moment that would change everything beyond, and Gellert was right, this was a moment where only one young wizard had the right to decide. Albus Dumbledore took a deep breath. "I... I can't leave her here with Aberforth, they're too young, and we cannot take them, he would never agree after you... Not after what happened here, and he still has school, and we can't separate them, Ariana couldn't..." Albus glanced back at her sister and was taken aback at her intent stare. He was about to speak again when he was interrupted by his friend. "Albus Dumbledore, do you trust me?" Gellert asked quietly. Breaking eye contact with his sister, he turned again to his friend and repeated the question in his head. A sad smile formed on his lips. "Yes. Gellert Grindelwald, I trust you." "I promise I will not hurt them, just make them... remember things slightly differently." Albus took in a sharp breath and held it for a moment. He sighed and nodded. Gellert nodded back and turned his head towards Ariana. She started to panic again, and was about to open her mouth, beg her brother to stop this, to stay here together- " Permutatum Memor ." Bathilda Bagshot was busy in the kitchen, making some cauldron cakes for her nephew Gellert, well great-nephew if you wanted to be completely accurate, but that just made her sound so incredibly old. She glanced at the clock, he wouldn't be back for a few hours, he said the Dumbledores were inviting him over for dinner. She shook her head and tutted, those poor children, she thought, having to go through all that misery at their age, especially that young Ariana. The villagers thought her a squib, and Bathilda had also believed this before she actually got to know the family. They were an unsocial sort and any attempts by her to befriend the new arrivals to Godric's Hollow were met only with doors slamming in her face. It was only when she read an article on trans-species transfiguration, by the eldest son Albus Dumbledore, that she managed to actually exchange two words with her neighbours. She send an owl to the Hogwarts student, which eventually turned into a sort of friendship between her and the whole Dumbledore clan. She had not been exactly close to the mother, Kendra, but she could positively say that there was no one in the village that knew her better, other than her own children. Kendra was a formidable woman, proud and sharp eyed, despite the rumours concerning her husband and daughter. Bathilda had once seen Kendra and her daughter walking around her back yard in the middle of the night. When she mentioned this to Kendra, her cheeks paled a little and she crisply told Bathilda that her daughter was unwell and left it at that. Bathilda herself had no prejudices against squibs, but her social circles had included those that would relentlessly mock and jeer not only squibs, but Muggles, half-bloods, and 'less intelligent' magical creatures (she scoffed at this, if history had shown anything it was that some of these magical creatures could easily outsmart wizards and witches, in various bloody and violent ways. Perhaps if she were to write a book about this, people would be better informed.). These people were all different, in terms of societal positions, wizarding powers and family backgrounds, but there was something, she couldn't quite explain in words, that these people had in common, and this one thing she had never seen in Kendra Dumbledore. There was also the fact that in the brief conversation about Ariana, when Kendra said her name, Bathilda could hear in her voice, a strong maternal love for her daughter. Even if she really was a squib, Kendra would not hide her away from all prying eyes and only let her out for midnight walks. That was what Bathilda thought anyway. She sighed, perhaps Gellert would get a chance to meet Ariana and maybe find out the truth. If they only asked for help she would be more than willing to give it to them. Suddenly she heard a loud noise coming from outside, an explosion if she had to guess. She picked up her wand and rushed to the front door. Stepping outside, she saw several villagers already out, pointing towards a column of smoke rising a few houses away. That could be the Dumbledore house, she thought to herself. She quickly tapped the door with the wand, locking it, and started walking briskly towards the smoke. Had her nephew done something? She had been told of his expulsion from Durmstrang, and the reasons behind it, but she had always thought it was an exaggeration of the truth. If she had really thought he could be capable of the ruthlessness and cruelty his school had accused him with, she would never have allowed him to stay with her and she certainly would not have introduced him to Albus Dumbledore. By the time she reached the house, the flames had already started to die down, but a large crowd had gathered in front. Mostly Muggles but she recognised a few witches and wizards amongst the crowd. She looked around carefully and reached into the pocket where she had placed her wand, she had to find out if there was anyone still in there. As she gripped her wand tightly, someone suddenly placed a hand on her shoulder and she turned quickly. It was a neighbour, an old witch with whom she was quite friendly with. "Bathilda, keep your wand hidden. I already tried the detection charm, I couldn't sense anyone." blood drained from Bathilda's face at these words. "Dead? They're all dead?" she moaned quietly. "We don't know. They might have left before the explosion, although no one has seen anything. We've been around back to see if anyone managed to escape though there, but we can't