-- Dark Vales of Friendship by Aranel Laerien -- It was a dark and stormy night – it should have been, for many had died. Many lives, needlessly lost, just for the sake of his frail, worthless one. If he were heir to the throne, did that make him any better than other men? If he were king, did he prove deserving of all the sacrifice? Indeed, if he were respected as king, his will should be command, and these men would now be laughing merrily with their wives and children. Arathorn led the weary dúnedain into the cave, noting how the younger ones slumped in exhaustion. He smiled a little as Halbarad tried to put on a brave front even as his deep wound was treated. The boy had barely seen sixteen summers but he had shown great aptitude with the sword and been most fervent to join them. And men were scarce now, Arathorn sighed. The orcs seem infinite, unstoppable and everywhere all at once. He thought of ancient tales glorifying men who fought against insurmountable odds. It almost never worked that way on the battlefield. Orcs were never as easy to kill as those tales made them out to be – each of the rangers may hold out against five orcs or so, but all it took was one more orc joining the fray, one stray arrow, one careless moment… Those tales always watered down the harsh reality and conveniently told of glory and honour. But there was little to enjoy for those who died, or for those who were mocked by the very people they protected, or for those who were survived, or for those who lost their only kin to the cold orc scimitars. And what could his company of a mere 30 men do against these dark foes? Aragorn looked up from the tattered book. The diary ended there. Aragorn had always known how his father had died but it was only on the night before they reached the Pelennor Fields, that Halbarad told him everything. Halbarad was young then. It was his first patrol with the dúnedain and in one of the earlier skirmishes he had suffered a nasty gash up his calf. Gradually, he was able to walk normally though he could not hold out for long. A week later, they had broken camp and were preparing to head to Imladris. Lord Arathorn wished to consult Lord Elrond concerning the close proximity of the orcs and all of them, especially Halbarad, had agreed it would be most desirable to have a proper rest before they continued their journeys. Halbarad had been jesting with Lord Elrohir when it happened. "Ambush!" "Regroup!" He saw Lord Elladan and Lord Elrohir immediately nock and release their arrows, fury burning in their identical eyes. Lord Arathorn had unsheathed his blade and was already in the thick of battle. Halbarad held his sword grimly, panting nervously as he met the blade of the first orc. He was gripping his sword tightly now. In times like this, every lesson was forgotten. "Retreat! Retreat!" Halbarad felt his wound rip open as he spun to meet another foe. From the corner of his eye, he saw how Lord Elrohir and some other Rangers had cleared a path so they could run. Lord Elladan was slightly ahead, efficiently despatching those orcs between him and Lord Arathorn. Halbarad tried hard to reach the others but yet another orc came in his way. His arm throbbed too and he was sure that something had been injured when he had deflected that blade. He almost felt like giving up. His entire body ached and stiffened, and he was half-panting, half-gasping for air. There seemed little point to fight any further for they stood little chance against such a large mob. Lord Arathorn often spoke of warrior's fatigue, and Halbarad was convinced this was what he meant. He felt the strong scimitar cut into his parrying blade, felt the blade being pushed towards him, his muscles weakened, his fingers hypnotically loosened… "Halbarad!" He jerked just in time to avoid the cut. Then Lord Arathorn was beside him, covering their retreat. "Run! Fast!" Halbarad obeyed mechanically, running to join the others far ahead, even as Lord Arathorn turned to parry when an orc came too close. Lord Elladan came towards them, and Halbarad ran on. Suddenly, he heard a loud twang. "He turned back for me," Halbarad had told Aragorn with tears in his eyes, "he turned back for me. He never should have." The very next day on the Pelennor Fields, Halbarad repaid his debt. Elladan had once said that his father died with a peaceful smile on his face, as though he had been relieved of all the burdens he had had to bear. Aragorn had nodded in complete understanding. Then, Elladan added, "Arathorn used to say that being a friend is the ultimate test of sacrifice. Anyone could be a king, he would say, but very few could be friends." -- Aragorn had never particularly liked politics – history lessons had been interesting, but politics and diplomacy was another thing altogether. Especially now, thirty years into a peaceful reign, the pressure to keep the lands together grew even greater. The Society of Scientific Advancement had been inciting minor uprisings – easily curbed but nevertheless disturbing – claiming that policies for the conservation of the natural land inhibited the technological development of Gondor, and were set in place because Aragorn favoured his elven friends. This, Aragorn found rather absurd and dismissed as jealousy, but the Society had a devout following, and he could not risk angering either them or the Association for the Conservation of Natural Wildlife. Arwen would have understood, but she had left for Lothlórien with Elladan and Elrohir. A short family trip, she had said, but far too long for Aragorn. He wondered why the twins could not simply have come down to Minas Tirith instead. And it did not help that while he had to concern himself with state affairs, Legolas had seemed more a hindrance than help. Not only did the elf seemed unable to fit into the busier life of Minas Tirith – he might well have been pampered by Emyn Arnen's relaxed pace – he seemed almost to glorify in how he could not adapt. Some of the co-workers had complained of how the elf cringed whenever their tools jarred against each other, or when they shouted commands near him. Others told of how Legolas often gave irrelevant suggestions, such as hearing the trees' whispers when pruning… It had seemed such a brilliant idea. Seeing how they had not met for many years, they had decided to create a new garden in Minas Tirith. Legolas, with his knowledge of the trees, would naturally be able to contribute much. Perhaps, too much. And so, the trouble started. If this were to continue, Aragorn thought with a sigh, he would have to increase the frequency of his trips to the garden. Being a friend meant many sacrifices. He wished Arwen were here. -- Legolas was pleasantly surprised when Aragorn came over. He had been seeding a new row of flowers when the human strolled under the arches with a watering can. "Legolas," Aragorn greeted him with a warm smile. "How has the work been going?" Legolas shrugged casually. "The seeding's well according to schedule and we have arranged the rocks and landscape ornaments. We'll have to prune a little faster though." "That's good news," Aragorn surmised, "but you do understand the schedule was meant more as a guideline and not a strict deadline." Legolas only smiled. "Aragorn, if it is a guideline you wish me to follow, I would." Aragorn looked away from Legolas' gaze and tried to gesture nonchalantly. "It's really not necessary." Legolas frowned and asked softly. " Man trasta le, gwador nîn ?" "It is nothing," Aragorn said, and hesitated, "and perhaps it would be prudent to avoid the elven tongues when other men are around." "Why?" Legolas asked the inevitable question. Aragorn looked away and took a few steps down the rows of flowers. "The men are not accustomed to having an elf in their midst. I have no wish to alienate any of the peoples in the land." Legolas nodded quietly, wondering if Aragorn saw the irony in his statement. He could have guessed it would come down to it, though in truth, he had never felt more hemmed in than in Minas Tirith. Emyn Arnen had been friendly, especially when Faramir openly showed his admiration for the Wood-elves who had come to stay in the land, but here, he had received hostile looks the very first day he stepped in and though he knew he was merely being paranoid, the men around him seemed particularly intent on fuelling it. "Legolas?" Aragorn asked as the elf grew silent. Legolas blinked. "Perhaps I am weary," he gave by way of excuse. Aragorn nodded and watered the plants. "How are things in the kingdom?" Legolas asked. Aragorn looked up as though wishing to say something more, then muttered, "As always." Legolas shrugged and continued seeding. After all, Aragorn would speak only when he was willing to. -- "I could do anything for you, my brother, even enter another cave," Legolas had said a few days ago, when they were resting in the fields. "Would you really?" Aragorn had asked, an incredulous grin on his face. "What?" "Would you enter a cave if I asked you to?" Legolas had frowned but replied confidently, "Yes, I would." Aragorn nodded, as though relieved. "But would you ask me to do it?" Legolas then asked. Aragorn was silent. -- As soon as dawn broke, Aragorn went down to check on the gardens. It was not that he could not trust Legolas, but there were things that the elf – prince as he was – did not seem to understand. "You're early," the Wood-elf raised an eyebrow. Aragorn frowned. "Why may I not be?" he asked. Legolas shrugged. "You, my friend, have this penchant for not rising till well into daybreak." Aragorn relaxed a little. "Things have," he paused, "changed somewhat." "Indeed they have," Legolas said, "for the men are now far less disposed to the elves." Aragorn suppressed a sarcastic comment. "It has been rumoured that the elves are impeding the progress of the kingdom," he finally said. "And who would be behind this rumour?" Aragorn sighed. "It is hard to say." "Would Basleth be involved in this?" Aragorn spun around. "It cannot be!" he shot back immediately, frustrated that the idea had not occurred to him first. "Perhaps you may wish to speak with Laslirion. After his promotion, Basleth has been increasingly hostile–" "Enough!" Aragorn silenced him and stormed out. "I do not need a prince to teach me to run my kingdom." It was entirely possible, Aragorn knew as he strode through the corridors. Laslirion had proven most capable as a gardener – possibly even more so, seeing he was one of the Silvan kind – and Aragorn had shown his appreciation by promoting him first and thereby sidelining Basleth, whom many saw as another potential candidate. That move had been viewed by some to prove his bias towards the elven kind, but Aragorn had been firm – he had promoted Laslirion based on the elf's merit, after all, and anyone could see that. He slammed his room door shut. His only consolation was that whatever happened, Arwen would be safe. -- They were younger then, young enough to have time to spare for a long afternoon in the woods. Legolas was sitting on the grass, feet dangling in the river. Aragorn leaned on a nearby tree and fidgeted absently. "Would you ever leave my side?" the human had asked as they reflected on how long they had known each other and how often they had managed to let their paths converge. Legolas answered without a pause. "Why would