Chapter 1 Welcome, Lord Dagworth-Granger The summer sun was just rising over the high London buildings, and shining into one particular small bedroom within 'The Happy Homes' orphanage where the occupant was packing his considerable belongings. This particular nine year old child was standing a solid five feet tall in the middle of the room with one hand stretch slightly out in front of him as he called particular books, clothes and small possessions gained over the years towards him, then into one of the two trunks resting open on his bed as the springs strain under the increasing weight. His short dark brunette hair rustled gently in the breeze of the various objects that circle him, his bright, almost shining hazel eyes focused on the different objects as he mentally willed his power to direct them into either of the trunks and positioning them how he wanted them, and his lightly tanned skin was starting to glisten with sweat on his brow, all the while he felt and heard the tell tale buzzing, almost purring, sensation of his power. As the last object, a book reading 'Introduction to Psychology', into the second trunk which contained his other books and various gains, he flourished his hand to will his power to close both trunks and lift them down to the floor. As he lets out a relief sigh and begins to stretch his body from standing in the same position for the last hour, he looks around at the now barren room; he gets a sense of nostalgia and irony at the fact that just a couple years ago it was just that, barren. That was until he learned of what was in him. ~Flashback~ His earliest memory was when he was three years old, one of the caretakers were teaching the younger children the basics of phonics and letters, when they realized how intelligent he was for his age. The praise he received bolstered him more, fed his desire to stand out from the other twenty children, to be recognized. When he was placed with the older children, while they were reading story books, he was being to read novels and found an interest in science. This started to create jealousy among the other children when he started the first grade with the older kids and they started to bully him after he became the top of the class. This continued for the next two years, becoming more physical and aggressive over time. It was first insults and name calling, to hiding the few toys he enjoyed using, to ripping pages out the novels and school books bought for him, to attacking him in the middle of the night with the aid of some of the delinquents that also lived at the orphanage. He could never prove to the caretakers that this was happening, as they would take the side of the majority when they all said that he was the one who was doing it for more attention. When he was punished by the caretakers he learnt that you could not rely on others for protection, and when they became physical, he never told anyone due to the fear of reprisal and his inability to fight them because he was weaker, and from this, he learnt that for one to protect themselves and possessions, power was needed. But as the years past he bottled his rage and it continued to build and build within, until one night after his birthday in December. He awoke with a sudden start. Feeling himself being held down with his sheet covering his head, repeated blows to his body and the quiet taunts and jeers of those in the room. As he felt the pain, he gritted his teeth at them in anger, and the rage that he contained finally exploded at the unfairness of the world and the desire to make them finally feel the pain he felt. What happened next was one of his fondness memories, he felt something within him explode outwards and he heard a rushing almost roaring sound in his ears along with a yell of voices from those in the room. As he got up he looked around the room at the four older children, three lying flat on the backs groaning in pain, while one was on the other side of his bed, closest to him, unconscious against the wall. He can remember the panic he felt when a caretaker came running into his room and upon seeing the various children, yelling for an explanation for the noise and why they were out of bed. Before the others could regain their senses he looked at the caretaker and told her they were attacking him, but lied in the cause of the noise was of them tripping on one of his toys. While outwards he was projecting himself the victim, inside he was screaming his lungs off for her to believe him, not wanting anyone to know what happened. He then felt something inside him pulse from his eyes towards the caretaker's head, making her reel back slightly. After blinking owlishly, she started yelling at the other children and planning punishment, all the while collecting and leading them out, complaining about the headache they've caused her due to the late hour, while they tried that tell her what happened. The next day he avoided the four that attacked him and their suspicious glares, all the while thinking of what happened last night and the gently flow he could now feel within him. He spent that day trying to recreate what happened to the four on at stack of books the place on his bed as he sat crossed legged staring at it in concentration. He remembered how he actually just sat there staring at the stack for a good half hour before he became irritated and started commanding it to move in his head, then yelling, then screaming for it to move till he became frustrated and fall back onto his pillow with his eyes closed. When he finally calmed down, he thought of the feeling that has been flowing through him, and willed it out. He then raised his right hand and willed this feeling…this power, to mov-no, push the stack. He watched in elation as the stack began to tremble, then shift when he called forth more of his power, then finally flew clear across the room. He wanted to jump in celebration at the time, but collapsed forward in exhaustion, feeling a pleasant almost painful strain feel all over his body, all the while a content purring sound filled his ears from within. The next days of the holiday were spent practicing pushing, pulling and holding the merger objects in his room. With permission he'd go to library and started to research what about his power. Though he was young at the time, he still knew it was very unlikely to find anything written about he could do, but he went to science fiction, and likened what he could do to telekinesis, and what he did to the caretaker to some kind of telepathy. From then on, when he practiced his power and when he wasn't, he likened it to having water flow through a pipe. From there he wondered how he could increase the flow and control of the' water', call more of it out when he needed to use it, and make the 'pipes' bigger, ensuring that he doesn't strain himself when he uses too much and get exhausted when he does. The two years thereafter were of discover and changes. At first he allowed the continued bullying, buying his time to get stronger physically to use more of his power and gain more control. He was able to rediscover his telepathy by staring at his teachers during lessons in order to avoid being conspicuous, and learnt not only how to manipulate other's minds, but how to use less power that caused the headache they received and making it more subtle. Also, he learnt how to read the minds of others and their emotions, but that was difficult to do since it was more of a continuous stream of images and connected feelings, that when he first tried caused both him and the teacher he first tried it on to black out when he couldn't stop it, which taught him his third lesson: Great power required great responsibility …or it hurts like hell. He also was able to use his telepathy to improve his own mind and retain and recall memories much better by focusing his power at his head. This happened after he tried an experiment to improve how far he could see with it, and due to the constant use in that area, his power created a new 'pipe' to his mind. Those two abilities were his most used, and it started to show results when he would use them to subtly and sometimes not so subtly fight back the bullies, then making them forget what happened, all except two things: his face and the pain they felt; and avoiding greedy foster parents looking to adopt him for prestige when he started gaining grants and scholarships when he was allowed to progress further ahead in school. His last two abilities manifested themselves in unexpected ways. The first one was when he was six during his third grade class. He was sitting at the back of the class using his powers to practice reading the thoughts of his teacher until he got tired from the mental strain and looked out at the heavy showers of the thunderstorm, washing against the window panel. He could never put his hand on it, but water, or at least large amounts of running water, always seem to make the power within him seem to rush inside him. As he enjoys the pleasant feel within him, he placed his hand on the window panel, and feels a gently pull of his power on to it. When he removed his hand, he was shocked to see in that particular spot, the water had concentrated into a sloppy looking smiley face. Since then on, he practiced manipulating water, but found it extremely difficult to do unless in small amounts, and even then it was a draining task. The last power he has manifested to date showed itself during an early semester field trip to the zoo in his grade for class. Throughout his entire academic career he has been alone due to his age difference, sure there were a few who pitied him or the occasion girl who thought he was cute and make a great little mascot, their thoughts not his, he avoided them, so it was no surprise he was alone when the teachers in charge allowed them all to wonder back to the animals that interested them for their reports. He re-entered the reptile house that caught his interest, when he heard a snake whispering for them to go away, during the tour. It was left unsaid that he spent the rest of the field trip learning that he was what the snakes called, "a speaker", and writing what they told about themselves and where they were from, by those that were recently captured. A major turning point that he remembers was on the night of the twelfth, the day after his birthday. He was meditating on the future and what he wanted. While he knew was young and still had plenty of time for this, he felt empty, he had nothing to do with his powers. The bullying had long since stopped and based on the surface thoughts of his old reoccurring bullies, survival instincts and self-preservation seem to have subconsciously kicked in. Now, he had nothing. The original purpose for wanting power was no longer there, so he began to think of a new purpose. He was an orphan with nothing to his name…nothing but power. The grants helped, but they could only