Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter Author's Note: And we're finally back for the final installment of the Gray saga! If you have not read the first seven books I recommend you do so as this won't make much sense to you otherwise and if you have then I hope you'll enjoy this last book. For anyone who asked questions on the preview chapter of book VII I reformatted the book and answered them in the last chapter of that not in this one so check that out. And I hope you like the book cover because this website did not and its taken me longer to get that uploaded then it did to draw the damn thing and write this whole chapter, that's why this is so late. That's all for now so... read on anyone who still is It was cold she noticed as she was carried by Specters to the outskirts of London, despite it being summer although she supposed it was evening. The orange orb was sinking low on the horizon, the fading light mirroring off the river that ran through the city. Or maybe it was just she'd spent too much time abroad and gotten used to warmer weather, she didn't know, she didn't care. She closed her eyes, letting the icy tendrils of air glide through her dark waves of hair as she gazed through the Specters she had soaring through London. It was partially evacuated now of course, Alaric mustn't have taken any chances. There were less people then there should be in the city and the ones there were cowards, hiding away in their homes like the flimsy walls could possibly protect them from her . Did they really not know who she was yet? The ones out were fleeing, the muggle roads out were clogged with those filthy smoke spewing automotive vehicular transports the muggles used to get around as people tried to flee the city, others were just walking alongside them laden with bags. Aurors of all people were trying to direct them, standing by in case her Inferi reanimated and lying to the muggles that they were safe now to get past. Wizards were fleeing too of course, fireplaces were flaring and there were more pops all over as people apparated with as much as they could carry. Again some were staying put stupidly though despite Ministry officials urging Diagon Alley residents and even Knockturn Alley ones to flee, more were trying to finish evacuating the emptying St Mungo's with Portkeys. It was a lost cause though, they were too late. She focused her magic now it had recovered and snapped her fingers, hearing the thrum of power pulse outward to seal all kinds of magical transportation. She kept her eyes closed, watching the confusion on the people's faces as they suddenly found the Floo no longer working, apparation impossible and Portkeys ceasing function. She smiled joylessly as their expressions quickly turned to fear and panic, it was just… so easy for her. So easy. She opened her dark eyes once again. She of course being Sal, short for Salazia Riddle. The daughter of Voldemort, heir of Slytherin, descendant of Herpo the Foul, she was the Shadow Master. And she was done with her parents' homeland evading her grasp, she was done letting anyone stop her, she done with mercy. Sal used a Specter to conjure her staff to her hand, modelled after her ancestor's Scepter she'd recreated from his notes. Gray hadn't thought of that when they destroyed a priceless piece of history, why would they? They underestimated her, everyone underestimated her just like they always had. But she'd show them, she'd show everyone that she could succeed where her father had failed, where everyone had failed. She'd already managed to become immortal without even trying, she genuinely had no idea why or how. She supposed it didn't matter now, did anything? She raised her free hand and the dead rose with her inciting the expected panic as they made to block those who ran like cowards, she didn't even need to look as she conjured platforms of magical energy to climb into the sky like a staircase of her creation. Instead she willed the Specters to possess any non-Gray souled witches and wizards she could, tearing their magic from their souls and hearing their screams breaking the prior silence of the twilight. She had the orbs of power fly over the city, hovering there like fireflies. It was almost pretty. "People of London," Sal spoke, magically carrying her voice through the city she now stood over effortlessly, "It is I again, the Shadow Master. You might have remembered me from the other day, I tried to take your city then but I failed. I was betrayed…" Sal trailed off, dark eyes drifting below to the spot Brutus had quite literally stabbed her in the back. A lump formed in her throat and she heard explosions she couldn't control, it hurt. It more than she could possibly have imagined, maybe precisely because she'd never imagined he'd betray her. She'd loved him and he betrayed her… and for what? She didn't know where he was, if he was even alive and their child… She squeezed her eyes shut as the sound of more explosions tore the world up around her, she had no idea where Omega was either or if he was alive. They weren't in London, she knew that much. Sal tried to blink back her tears but failed, instead letting the tears roll down her cheeks. It wasn't like anyone could see her. She turned back to the city already in flames and felt the pain twisting in her heart, she had to stay focused lest she lose control of the power coursing through her veins. Brutus had been right about one thing, it did have to end. "But I'm back now, third time's the charm," Sal continued her speech with every effort to bury the tears in her voice and sound strong, lazily waving her hand up and carrying most of the orbs of into her Scepter's orb, "And since you all spat in the face of my offer of mercy, this time its final. No one's getting out alive. Kill them, Inferi, we're going to kill them all." Sal flung the spare orbs down upon the city – the city Brutus had so wanted spared - while the Inferi poured into the populace without restraint, overwhelming the Aurors and tearing them to shreds. Those avoiding Inferi were instead facing inescapable explosions of the raw magical energy taking out whole city blocks, vaporizing their worthless lives and lighting neighborhoods. She found herself laughing against her better judgement, a hollow, bitter empty laugh. London was burning. The Boy Who Lived remained by his godson's bedside the next day, the recently orphaned Vale was still recovering from his father's attempt to murder him and already fallen back asleep despite the early hour. Vale wasn't broken up about Cel's death, having heard some of the things he'd done from the boy Harry could hardly blame him. He thought it was good to spend time with Vale as he already made the executive decision to take him in, it felt like the right thing to do. The three year old wasn't to blame for his father's crimes and he didn't really have anyone else, Harry was his godfather and Ginny… Ginny had basically died for the kid. He sighed heavily and rubbed at his stinging emerald eyes behind his glasses, stinging both from tiredness and the tears he'd shed earlier. He hadn't gotten much sleep last night on the uncomfortable hospital chairs, not that he thought that was the issue anymore then he thought taking in Vale was a good excuse to whittle away his time in St Mungo's waiting with him. He was Head Auror, he was sure there was more he could be doing. Instead he just found himself reeling from yesterday's events, he wasn't even sure he trusted himself anymore. "Mr Potter?" a voice prompted and Harry looked over at one of the Healers approaching him, "We'd like to evacuate yourself and the patient now if that's alright." "Alright," Harry agreed resignedly, Alaric Layton – their Minister – seemed determinedly committed to evacuating London. It wasn't that Harry couldn't see the logic behind it, it was just the Shadow Master didn't have a history of attacking the same place immediately after a failed attempt. She had a history of recovering, regrouping and trying again, now more than ever she definitely needed time to restore her magic so it made even more sense she'd wait. He very much doubted as soon as her power was back she'd come kick the walls down so taking the time to have a thorough, proper and more organized evacuation seemed a more logical decision then this kind of mad rush they had now. Or maybe not, who was he to praise his judgement these days. So Harry allowed them to move Vale, barely paying attention as they readied the Portkey and just doing as told. Not even the stomach wrenching Portkey travel fully snapped him out of it and he continued barely being aware as they started moving Vale and other patients out of the room they were using for transporting to make more space. He did return a vague to his other godson Teddy, who had become an Auror himself and was sitting with his arm in a sling at the bedside of his wife Victoire who had also become an Auror and both had been injured by Cel. "Harry!" a familiar voice he would rather not hear called, finally forcing him back into reality as Harry turned to the Minister for Magic, "We should talk." Alaric was looking more unkempt than usual and shadows clung beneath his navy eyes, rather like Harry himself usually looked as he constantly overworked himself in the war. This caused a painful pang in his heart, lately he'd spent more time working with the man who betrayed him then he had home with the woman who loved him. His distraction had allowed Alaric to take his arm and lead him into an empty room to give them some privacy, Alaric also looked pissed. "What the hell, Harry?!" Alaric barked at him angrily, Harry had known this was coming, "I told you one thing – one thing – about the Shadow Master's containment and that was don't give Cel full access! And what did you go and do?!" "It seemed like a good idea at the time," Harry explained the reasoning he sorely regretted now, "If I died the protection would crumble, it's more secure with two and we knew there was a spy who could've come at me." "And Cel was the spy! I never fully trusted him, that's why I didn't want you to either. I told you, Harry, I bloody told you!" "Well I did, okay?!" Harry snapped defensively and unhappily, "I was wrong , I put my faith in the wrong person and I'm sorry . And that's not even an apology to you, I just am sorry, trusting him is one of the biggest mistakes I've ever made in my life and I'll regret it until the day I die but I can't change it, at the time I trusted him completely and the extra security made more sense so I ignored your order. I was in the wrong, I already know that and I already regret that. There's nothing more to say." "There's plenty more to say!" Alaric yelled sounding understandably frustrated, "That was our one chance, Harry, the one time the most wanted and dangerous person in the world is going to be handed to us in a bow on a silver platter and you somehow managed to fuck it up!" "My wife is dead because of me , do you really think anything you say is going