Hey there, HP fandom. Thanks for your interest in this story! So, after a very tiring trip to orlando and a visit to the wizarding world of Harry Potter, I suddenly had the urge to write a story about it, which is strange, since I always liked the series. Since my things are OC, for now, my only contribuition to the fandom as for now will be a ALL-OC fanfiction about another generation of young wizards. So... Here we are. I hope you all like it! As a ssmall note, this story is between around The Deathly Hallows and(The tentatively canon) Cursed child, so for now, no scorbus bromance. The story passes around 2008, if Anything. Why such random stuff? I'm actually planning new stuff, so help me out in this one. Also, a small secret: harry Potter doesn't belong to me, all rights to Mrs. J.K. Rowling. With that said, have a nice read... I hope. It was just a glimpse ... It was just a small glimpse, a nanosecond not very noticeable by the universe itself, a small space of time between a second and other, unnoticed even by his truly, yet he saw it, a newly sight on his yet so young existence, a sight that would forever be known as his own walk towards maturity; a sight that was never meant to be, yet it happened; a sight which was possibly a sign of his newly adventures in the Hogwarts School of witchcraft and wizardry... A sight that... Was light-blue . "Hey..." "Hah...?" Another sight, this time, a deeper shade of blue, a darker shade of blue. Brown eyes turned upwards to see the author of such voice, and from the black robes, the Hogwarts crest, and flowing golden locks, he saw dark blue eyes staring right back at him. Fair skin tinted in pink; and hands now reaching for the lower part of her uniform, covering the part the wind so dangerously exposed a few seconds ago. Another 'hey' echoed the grand staircase, losing itself between the moving stairs and whispering portraits on the wall, and in response, brown eyes again met with blue eyes, the fair skin even pinker. She blinked; he blinked. No words for the moment; only groans of discomfort and a nervous laugh... "Y-You... You saw it, didn't you?" She asked, blinking once again. Her blue eyes turned to another direction after some seconds, but returned to silently scold him. She let out a pout that he, admittedly; found very cute, and groaned under her breath, which he deduced it was due to the impatience. Her scowl mutely asked the question again. "I-I... Didn't see anything." He said. She said nothing, but when they met eyes again, it was clear that she didn't believe him, said stare screaming 'liar!', making him wonder why she even bothered. The uneasy; nervous, false smile was still plastered on his face which was turning pinker by the moment; and millions yet no words were gathering on his brain to answer her again. His brown eyes, which were turned elsewhere in order to avoid her silent judgement, suddenly crawled back to her direction, and that creepy smile on his face spread even more. "I-I might have seen it... B-But if you show me your panties again, m-maybe I'll sure if I saw it or no." "..." "..." That was terrible. That was a terrible sentence. That was a terrible idea to let be known. Even so, the boy didn't bother to correct himself, he was kinda proud about it. Not about the sentence of course, that was a stupid idea, but at least he had the power to let something out. He looked up again to the girl after a few seconds to finally digest what he just said, and instead of a frown, he saw her dark blue eyes wide as humanly possible. Was due to the shock of his words? The suddenness of such? It wasn't anger or sadness, because there was no indication of either, but after a few seconds, her sudden paleness was replaced by the previous pink cheeks, even though her blue eyes were now half-lit, as she was tired out of the sudden. The boy sighed and scratched his cheek, pinkness also spreading across his face. He was ready to turn around and go back to his common room, but then, he looked up, and saw small hands slowly creeping on the lower part of her uniform. He was taken back, does that mean she's really going to do it? Her tiny hands reached for the hips of her dark robe, and with two fingers each, he clipped around the borders. Now, the boy couldn't even blink right; he was seeing a girl probably around his age slow but steadily lifting her lower robes of the uniform, to first shoe the uncovered area between her black socks and robes, which spread and revealed itself little by little until... "You... Pervert ." She spoke, snapping him out of his little stupor. The girl closed her eyes, and let out a deep, heavy sigh, the kind you only do when you've face a heavy defeat, and let go of her robes, again covering what she should with her robes. Without even opening her eyes to look back at him, she turned around and started to head upstairs without a second less. He, who went from surprised to stupored, to lost in her words, blinked once and snapped back, following her suit. "H-Hey! S-Sorry, miss! I didn't mean to! It just... Came out!" He spoke synchronizing with her steps across the moving stairs across the grand staircase. The paintings on the wall were looking at the two little wizards to-be walk higher and higher, the boy gesticulating with each every step, yet being ignored by the girl he was following, saying nothing, if you don't count some disapproving head shakes and muffled conversations. In the end, they reached to the seventh floor, thankfully for him since he was starting to suffer some vertigo, and the girl entered the corridor leading to a certain painting. "Please, talk to me! I didn't say it on purpose! Look, if you want to be even, we can always sort things out and...!" " Leo Regem ." She spoke, interrupting his pleas for forgiveness, and promptly, the portrait of the Fat Lady opened the entrance to the Gryffindor Common room. She took a step inside, and before the portrait could again seal the entrance to the common room, she turned her head around and gave him a side glance, her body still pointing away from him. Before he could reach her, she simply said. " Pervert ." "Like I said, it was an acciden-...!" The portrait of the Fat Lady shut the entrance close with a loud *BAM!*, leaving the boy alone at the corridor leading to the Gryffindor Common Room. He tried to use his own Password to enter the common room, obviously to no avail, and even tried to bargain with the Fat Lady who; despite the lovely voice, still followed her duty as the guardian of the common room through and through. In the end, the boy had no way to contact the girl as for now, and this fact bugged him to no end. He stayed walking in circles for the next ten minutes, until the Fat Lady questioned him about his classes, which made him snap himself out. The portrait was right, he could always ask for forgiveness later, but he mustn't lose classes, specially in his wizardry school, his new home, apparently... That little moment he had back in the seventh floor had its advantages, since no longer he suffered from the typical vertigo going downstairs. Once out of the Grand Stairase, he followed suit pass the dining hall, and took another corridor to another set of stairs down the dungeons. Despite thinking he'd never get used to them, he was surprised about how easy it was now to walk around that dimly lit, yet surprisingly warm and vivid place that were the dungeons. Moreover, his next class after lunchbreak was potions with Prof. Slughorn, so he still has time to organize his parchments, quills and wand for said class. Going to the most isolated part of the place, he stood right in front of a seemingly dead end, only to sigh and speak the password, ' Purity ', for the brick wall to magically move and open to the entrance to the Slytherin common room, the underground place of soft cushions and dark views of the Black Lake. A small smile spread across his face, mesmerized by all of that magic he won't ever get tired of, and so, he took the first step inside... "And... Like this!" "Or... Like that!" "What...?!" But before he could finally enter the Slytherin common room, his body suddenly felt attacked, and before his eyes, two bright spheres of lights hit him on the chest, knocking him off his stand and making him fall on his butt. The knockback jinx, a spell he learnt not so long ago by the minuscule but wise Prof. Flitwick, was used against him, and before he could stand up to see forward, by the voices, he already knew who casted such against him. "Hahah! Look, Angie! Flipendo worked! Maybe Prof. Jumping-bean can be a good teacher after all!" Sitting in one of the sofas spread across the common room, a girl was laughing with a hand covering her mouth, an identical image of herself sitting right next to her, also laughing seeing the boy stand up, a little dizzy by the suddenness and surprise of their attack. "Ah! But who got it was the muggle-born Maxwell , Claudine! I'm still not convinced about the lectures of Prof. Garden-Decoration!" The other one laughed, the first sitting next to her sharing the laugh. The boy, Maxwell, could only give them a nervous, trembling smile, knowing that if he try anything, I could only get things worse. Instead, he walked in the common room, and politely bowed to them, seeing them now playing with a twirl of their respective silver hairs. "G-Good afternoon, misses. Stones. I hope... You're ready for potion class." He said. The two, Claudine and Angie, looked at each other with a smile, then back at the boy who curved back, sighing. They green eyes met with his brown ones, and they shrugged at the same time, much more like a mirror would. "Of course we're ready for Prof. Big-belly's class, doodoo-head Maxwell." One of the twins, Angie, said with a smile; followed by her twin image by her side. "Isn't that right, Claudine?" "Yeah, or else he'll sit on us as punishment, right Angie?" Maxwell mentally sighed for their harsh words against the professor who he was so fond of. I mean, not that he was that good in potions, he just follows what he's told, yet Prof. Horace Slughorn would always be pleased by his results, jovially praising his works. He thought it was just a think about being the current head professor of Slytherin, but apparently, he had a history about 'good students'. Angie nodded for her sister's statement, and they turned back at him, speaking in Unison. " " How about you, Maxwell? Are you ready to be an insufferable know-it-all again? " " "..." His face contorted into a half-smile. A painfully false, and quite painful as well, half-smile, full of nervousness and unsaid words. There is it again, silver tongue for slytherins, of course. The turned to each other and laughed at his reaction, standing from their seats, walking towards him only to put out their wands and aim at his neck. "Hey, Angie. How about we jinx his vocal chords so he can speak no more?" One of the twins said, making the boy gulp, which made him feel the point of their wands even closer. The other twin laughed, blinking her