Plot, new characters, new magical terms and abilities etc. are my intellectual property. JK Rowling's characters and Wizarding Universe are all uniquely hers and I thank her for allowing fans to stretch our imaginations and creativity. Summary: All Snape wanted was to put certain matters to rest. The Headmaster convinced him that were. But even the best laid plans can go awry – especially when they concern a young woman who is Voldemort's Daughter. The orig story to The Girl With The Haunted Eyes – EPILOGUE. Alternate Universe: SS/OC, CD/OC, HP/OC Dark Drama/Angst/Romance. This story is rated R/M. Language, Situations…etc. The Girl With The Haunted Eyes - ORIG STORY by NativeMoon Chapter 001: Flesh, Blood & Bone May 1981 21 year-old Severus Snape walked quickly to the Headmaster's office at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He could only guess that his summons had something to with the recent escalation in Death Eater activity. It was no exaggeration to say that he was grateful to be well and truly out of it thanks to Albus Dumbledore, the school's Headmaster thought by many to be the Greatest Wizard of the Age. But Snape was no fool. Despite the fact that he had Dumbledore's assurance that he would never know the confines of Azkaban prison, there were enough people who definitely could take exception to that from both sides. However, Snape was in the best possible position he could be in as the school's newest Potions Master and Head of Slytherin House, all things considering. He called out the password to Dumbledore's office and stepped onto the moving spiral stairs which propelled him upwards. As he neared the door to the Headmaster's office, raised voices came from inside. The school's caretaker, Mr. Filch, was waiting outside the door and looked the younger man up and down. The expression on his face left no doubt that trouble was brewing. He clearly wanted to make a comment, but was holding back. Snape was now a Master of the school, not a toerag student. As such, Filch had to watch his step. But the Potions Master had no doubts that he was going to be the subject of idle gossip on the Hogwarts rumour mill after this. Snape hesitated, but as there was little of the conversation that could be made out he saw no point in lingering. Two quick raps and he opened the door and stepped through. He immediately regretted it. ' I'll not see everything I've worked for ruined by this mess!' bellowed Hadrian Barrett as Snape closed the door behind him. 'With all due respect, Mr. Barrett,' Dumbledore sighed, not caring to endure any more of this foolishness than was necessary, 'She is of age and the situation is for her to resolve as she sees fit – and regardless of how you or anyone else feels about it.' ' This is all your fault!' Barrett roared as he spied the young Potions Master. The older man launched himself at Snape who immediately hexed him into submission without thinking twice about it. 'You called, Headmaster?' he said evenly. He didn't like Barrett any more than Barrett liked him and it was not in his nature to pretend otherwise. 'That will be enough, Severus,' Dumbledore said, peering over his half-moon spectacles. Snape released the spells he was still parrying and Barrett collapsed into a heap. 'Headmaster; with all due respect, what does Barrett's domestic affairs have to do with me?' ' You filthy bastard!' Barrett roared. Snape hexed him again before he could get himself off the floor. ' Severus!' Snape sniffed and then pocketed his wand before taking a seat facing Dumbledore. As always his countenance was inscrutable. The Barretts were secretly amongst Voldemort's most ardent supporters. They ranked high in the Dark Arts echelon alongside the Malfoys, Blacks, Lestranges, and a number of other prominent and supposedly "pure-blooded", wizarding families. Hadrian was desperate to ingratiate himself with Lord Voldemort and make it into the sanctum that was the Inner Circle. He had the nerve to be pernickety about whom he and his family dealt with and had no time for anyone outside of landed gentry like Lucius Malfoy. Sadly for him Malfoy had no time for pretentious scandal-prone "new money". For the aspiring Death Eater to have the bold-faced cheek to seek Snape out at Hogwarts, thus involving the leader of the Resistance against his Master, something most serious was amiss. That something had nothing to do with redemption, regret, or crossing over to the side of the light – of that the Potions Master was most certain. And that something supposedly involved him – but wasn't directly connected to the Dark Lord. If it did this "meeting" most certainly wouldn't be happening. So it couldn't be that important in the scheme of things because Voldemort never concerned himself with the trivial machinations of his servants and followers. But it was important enough for Barrett to making a show of himself to the Dark Lord's enemy. Snape mulled it over momentarily, but was still at a loss as to what Barrett was up to. He would just have to play it by ear. 'Severus, you are on familiar terms with Mr. Barrett's family?' the Headmaster asked sombrely. 'They are not strangers to me,' came the answer as the young Potions Master found his voice again. 'You see he doesn't even deny it! He…!' ' That will be enough, Barrett!' Dumbledore snapped. Snape's back was up ‒ way up. If Dumbledore was unsettled then there was clearly something to be concerned about. Dumbledore was a lot of things, but he was no one's fool. And he knew far more about the pressures Snape had been under in active service as one of Lord Voldemort's Death Eaters than was comfortable. The man wasn't known as The Greatest Wizard of the Age for nothing. 'You are an acquaintance of Melinda Barrett?' Dumbledore asked evenly, returning his attention to his new Potions Master. 'One of many from what I've heard these past few years,' Snape answered blithely. One of his biggest regrets about his active service as a Death Eater before turning spy for Dumbledore at great personal risk was the not-so-small matter of Hadrian's sister Melinda, who wasn't as nearly discerning and careful as she needed to be. Barrett was on the verge of losing it again and Dumbledore put up a hand to silence him. 'It would seem that Miss Barrett is with child, Severus.' 'And why should that concern me?' 'Apparently she is having a difficult pregnancy thanks to – shall we say – intercessions to end it by her own hand ,' Dumbledore replied stiffly. 'Mr. Barrett seems to think throwing his weight around and wand duels are the solutions to problems which don't concern him.' Outwardly Snape did not react, but inside he was raging. Melinda Barrett had been the most ambitious of a certain type of girl attracted to the power and often seductive nature of Darkness he'd ever met barring Narcissa Black and her sister Bellatrix. Apparently he was quite a challenge to someone like her. The more she heard about "Snivellus" Snape with his cold persona and prodigious talents with the Dark Arts as well as Potions, the more irresistible he had apparently become to her. It defied the imagination. Snape was so fiercely unattainable that the more Miss Barrett's feeble attempts to capture his interest failed, the more convinced she had been that she had to have him. In desperation she had turned to Theodore Nott Sr. – who happened to be one of the highest ranking of Voldemort's privileged Inner Circle. Eager to have a taste of her considerable charms, Nott agreed – and had her work very hard for the favour he was to bestow. He also passed her on to his closest friends (of which Snape was not one), and had sometimes shared in their mutual enjoyment of her alleged skills. If the gossip was true, she didn't disappoint. All before attempting to deliver the prize that was Severus Snape upon his elevation into the Inner Circle and posting to Hogwarts supposedly to spy on Dumbledore. The Potions Master had been well-known to eschew intimacy of any kind within the Death Eater ranks and hangers-on. It was another peculiarity of his that did not entirely put him in good stead with some of his comperes prone to debauchery, especially Nott. Snape steadfastly refused to be a conduit to others in the Circle – and especially to Lord Voldemort. The confrontation he'd had with Melinda Barrett in the presence of Nott and his gang had served as a warning to not try it on with him – ever. "Don't dip your pen in the company ink" was the order of the day as far as the Potions Master was concerned. Voldemort never missed a trick where his servants were concerned and Snape's attitude towards not shagging his way through Aspirants had actually worked to his favour. 'When is she due?' he hissed through barely parted lips. 'September!' ' Interesting…' ' What do you intend to do about it, Snape!' 'Nothing,' Snape replied coldly. 'I have not seen her since the beginning of last November; not December when she would have conceived.' 'Is there anything else, Mr. Barrett,' Dumbledore asked politely. ' I do believe you have other visits to make concerning this affair, do you not?' '" Is there anything else?" ' Barrett snarled mockingly. 'Right – if that's how you want to play it…' 'Rather than cast aspersions far and wide which won't do you any favours, you would be better off waiting until the child is born and having a paternity test done,' Snape hissed. 'But far be it from me to tell you how to handle matters which actually have nothing to do with you – or me.' Barrett stood up fast and stormed from the room, slamming the door hard behind him. Dumbledore sighed. 'I did warn you, Headmaster,' Snape said quietly, his countenance not betraying the sickness he felt inside. 'The others have far too much power and influence for him to try and force their hand as he has done with me. But for Barrett to come to come here – and involve you of all people to try and force my hand…!' 'Yes, you most certainly did. I must say – all things considered you were quite restrained.' 'I really do not see the humour in this situation!' 'Because there is none, Severus.' 'God help me if anyone else outside of those present knows about that night! Or if the Dark Lord finds out about this ! The Barretts never could ever keep their mouths shut!' 'We will cross that bridge if we need to. But I do not believe we will.' ' It was one of the worst nights of my life! I hated it – every second it!' 'I have no doubt of that Severus. You have paid many a high price for your servitude to Tom…' '" Tom"… even Lucius doesn't dare refer to the Dark Lord by his Muggle name…' 'A wise decision, all things considered.' Snape snorted and then stood up. 'All you can do is get on with your new life and duties here as Tom demanded,' Dumbledore said quietly. 'Hadrian Barrett is the least of your worries.' xxxOOOxxx Snape did get on with his new life, such as it was. There was only the endless tedium of dunderheaded students who definitely had neither the appreciation nor the skills required for the exact art and subtle science that was Potions-making. It was still tricky given how many of the older students had been underclassmen and remembered him from his time in the Senior School. The Potions Master was not a social animal and fraternising with the rest of the staff was not high on his agenda. It was just as well, as associating with him outside of the required