JK Rowling's characters and Wizarding Universe are all uniquely hers. I'm borrowing, but I don't make any money from this and just do it for the genuine love of writing. ALTERNATE UNIVERSE Summary: Of all the mysteries of the Wizarding World, perhaps none is more enigmatic than the Vampire. This is the story of - such soul. It is a story about love, life, loss, and choices – and not having any regrets. Features: Pairings: Snape/OFC, Diggory/OFC, OMC/OFC. + GWeasley, HGranger, Malfoys, New Original Characters Author's Notes: "LIVE FOREVER" is the PREQUEL to "SALVATION". I've had several variations of this story that I've tried to work with since 2008 and somehow it just never quite came together the way I wanted it to – and needed it to link back to "SALVATION"; the characters seemed to have other ideas. (I found out by accident that someone has uploaded TWO of the older versions I've had here [but deleted], one a mish-mash of several versions and both posted WITHOUT MY PERMISSION at fictionhunt. At least they linked back to my account here.) Also – I realised that elements of my last rewrite, though well-received, actually suits " The Girl With The Haunted Eyes - ORIG STORY" much better. ((The perils of thinking TOO MUCH about a story and second-guessing myself)). If you read the first 9 chapters of "SALVATION" you will have a good grounding for the story of the Severus & the only STUDENT he ever loved – but with many surprises yet to be revealed in this part of their story. I've found my own gift of a character in Vampire Andrea Slitheen, an old Housemate & nemesis of Severus Snape and his coven family. Hope you enjoy. This is the first of what I hope will be several stories of an underworld within the world of Harry Potter. I'm playing with ages & School Years for the sake of this AU story. Hogwarts is close to the equivalent of British Muggle Key Stage 4 (Years 1-3: ages 14-16 – O.W.L.s) & Key Stage 5 (Years 4-7: ages 16-19+ N.E.W.T.S.) High School & Junior College. WARNING: Slightly Underage Student through Adult OFC, Student/Teacher relationship, Older Men/Younger Woman. If that's not your thing, cool. It's my life experience so… *shrugs*. Dark, Violence. Rated M/R for language, situations, themes Live Forever (REWRITE 2018) By NativeMoon Chapter 001: And so it begins… Fall – Year One ' Nana! Grampa! What are you doing here?' 14 year-old Nina Angeni shrieked as she ran to her grandparents on the concourse of King's Cross Railway Station. 'You didn't seriously think we weren't going to come see you off on your big day now did you Lass?!' Grampa answered, clearly bursting with pride at the only of one of his grandchildren to have been awarded a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft & Wizardry. 'Oh, look at you Petal!' Nana said emotionally. 'Hard to believe this day is finally here! We always knew you would make it somehow!' 'Look at you two – all decked out like you're going out for High Tea at The Ritz!' Grampa looked around as Nana chuckled. ' Uh – where are they?' 'Not here, of course,' Nina said idly. 'Well, except for Mama and I have no idea where she's got to.' 'What's the excuse to not support you this time?' Nana asked. 'Dunno – Papa had some big To-Do or something with the Ministry and their precious boys need their beauty sleep.' ' A Ministry Do on a Sunday morning?!' Nina shrugged as she looked around. ' Useless father and d amn jealous assholes for sons!' Grampa barked. Just then Nina's mother ran across to them, looking very irritated as she spilled her cup of tea. ' This awful place is just PACKED with filthy Muggles,' she said tightly . 'It makes my skin crawl just having to be here!' Nina started to comment but was stopped short by both of her grandparents giving her pointed looks. 'Why don't we get you settled on the train Petal and then your mother can get back to whatever it is that she needs to get back to,' Nana suggested. ' Good idea,' Nina mumbled as she aimed her cart of trunks at the barrier wall between platforms 9 and 10. She didn't even think about it as she rushed through – and smashed into something which sent her flying. A group of boys went tearing down the platform, leaving just one to deal with the consequences of their recklessness. ' Holy Merlin – are you alright?!' a decidedly tall, burly, and very good-looking dark-haired stranger asked, leaning down to help her up. 'I think I ran for it too hard,' she spluttered her large brown eyes meeting his bright grey ones. Her eyes reminded him of the cognac his father liked to have after dinner or perhaps his mother's lightly steeped Lady Grey tea. Her gaze was intense; it felt like she could see right through him. 'Here, lean on me,' he said, as he tried not to stare. 'Oh, my name's Cedric, Cedric Diggory . I'm in Hufflepuff, Third Year.' 'Oh!' Nina said yelping as he helped her up. 'Um… Nina… Nina Angeni . I'm a First Year. No idea about a House yet although my family are Hufflepuffs on my mother's side and Gryffindors on my fathers (bizarrely enough) .' ' Really? You look older than the average First Year, that's for sure. I was thinking you were a Transfer for the Senior School.' 'Well I was stuck in France for the past couple years, but not at Beauxbatons… I'll be 15 in January.' Cedric held onto her as she pushed her fringe and long mane of thick chestnut curls out of her oval face and winced. A few wayward tendrils still fell across her forehead despite her best efforts tame them. 'I definitely hurt myself,' she groaned, trying to get used to the pain shooting up her right side as she let go of him and shifted her weight to her left foot . 'Christ on a bike!' ' Nina!' her mother shouted irritably. ' What is this mess? Is possible to go one day without something going wrong because of you?! ' Nina sighed as she looked around at the contents of her trolley strewn across the platform where the Hogwarts Express was waiting to transport her to school along with the other students scrambling around franticly trying to get settled. 'It was my fault,' Cedric explained. 'My friends and I shouldn't have been larking about and especially so close to the entrance. She couldn't have stopped properly even if she'd have realised we were there.' 'And who are you?!' Mrs. Angeni demanded as her eyes narrowed unpleasantly. 'Cedric; Cedric Diggory .' He fleetingly supposed that Nina looked like her father, wherever he was. She definitely didn't favour any of the adults with her tawny brown skin. They were all as fair as he was with pale blue eyes, though her mother's lanky hair was a murky brown and the old couples' wispy silvery grey. 'Right – well off you go then, Cedric Diggory ,' Nina's mother said dismissively. 'Nina! I want a word! NOW!' 'I'm sorry,' Nina said to Cedric quietly, clearly embarrassed. 'My mother's just a bit wound up having to get up so early to be here…' 'No problem, I wouldn't mind being back home having a lie-in myself,' Cedric replied with a nod. 'See you on the train.' Nina Angeni struck him as a nice enough girl. Of course it was far too soon to know for sure, but he trusted his instincts. The fact that she wasn't doing any of the preening, simpering, and swooning too many of the Hogwarts girls still did even in his Year made a good impression. He could think of more than a few that would be clinging vines if they were in her situation. He definitely wanted to get to know her better even though her mother seemed to be hostile. ' Oi, Ced!' someone shouted. Cedric said goodbye to Nina's grandparents and mother with another heartfelt apology and then ran off to his friends. Grampa aimed his wand and Nina's things righted themselves neatly on the trolley. 'Thanks Grampa,' Nina said feebly. 'You better see the Hogwarts Mediwitch as soon as you can,' Nana advised. ' Listen young lady,' her mother started. 'If I have one bad word about you from that school so help me I'll…' ' Enough Natalie!' Grampa hissed. 'You've done enough damage embarrassing yourself and your daughter like that! Go back home to your husband and your precious sons since you obviously resent having to be here!' 'I'm sorry ,' Mrs. Angeni said through gritted teeth. Nina looked at her mother and shook her head resentfully. ' Not half as sorry as I am,' she said sullenly before limping away with her trolley. Mrs Angeni left the station while Nina's grandparents followed her to the train and helped her get situated. At last, three warning blasts sounded and they said their final goodbyes. 'You need us for anything, anything at all, you just give us a shout Pet,' Nana said as she gave her granddaughter a big hug. "We'll send you a little something once you've found your bearings.' 'Oh but you don't have to…' 'I will not have my favourite grandchild sat there with nowt like she doesn't have family that cares about her!' Grampa said gruffly as he blinked his moist eyes rapidly. 'And please promise us you'll calm down and behave. Give the place and the people a chance, Petal. You don't have to fight for yourself anymore.' Nina's only reply was a faint sniff. She wasn't about to make promises she might not be able to keep. A last round of hugs and her grandparents made their way to the platform. Nina leaned out a window and screamed her goodbyes and Love Yous to the only people in the family that she had any real affection for as the train took off for Scotland. XxxOOOxxX Nina was in a private carriage by herself ignoring the shrieking from the corridor outside. She had stretched out across her seat and was holding her abdomen. 'Nina? Are you alright?' Cedric asked gently as he squatted down having chucked his rucksack on the seat opposite. He placed a warm hand on hers and Nina found it comforting. 'It hurts when I breathe…' she gasped. 'And my head and my leg… they're bleeding.' 'This is my fault. Hang on – I'll go get the Trolley Lady!' Five minutes later Cedric returned with the woman in tow carrying a First-Aid Kit. 'Ahhh it's not much; you've only gone and bruised your ribs and gotten a few scratches,' the lady said brightly. 'You kids will insist on messing around when there are signs all over the place telling you not to!' 'She wasn't messing around…' Cedric tried to explain as the woman dabbed at Nina's head. It must have stung something fierce because Nina kept flinching and her eyes watered. ' Here – drink this,' the Trolley Lady said, handing her a small blue bottle. 'That'll do you just fine; wouldn't hurt to get Madam Pomfrey to give you the once-over tonight though.' Nina drank the potion she was handed and found it to be sickeningly sweet. 'I'll be along with the trolley soon and you can have a nice drink to cut the aftertaste, eh? Best thing for you is to rest now and then get a good night's sleep! That's a mighty strong potion there… that reminds me I need to check in with Professor Snape for some more remedies for the kit.' The woman left, leaving Cedric and Nina alone. 'Here – you can be a lot more comfortable than that,' he commented as he reached overhead and took down a pillow and blanket. 'You don't have to go to any