Summary : The timeline changes drastically with the birth of one Hermione Edolié Malfoy. Timetravel/Maruaders Era. The Future Isn't Set in Stone Chapter 1. . . . "That sword is meant to be in my vault at Gringotts. How did you get it ." Bellatrix was far too close for Hermione's personal liking, but then of course, none of this had been her choice after all. "What else did you and your little friends TAKE FROM MY VAULT !" The witch growled at Hermione after throwing her at the floor, causing her to lose her breath with an 'oof,' while her head made a concerning crack against the flooring. Harry and Ron had been taken to the cellar of the manor shortly prior to this and Hermione had no idea if she would ever see her two best friends ever again, this was death eaters they were dealing with, it was not as if they would simply let them go with a slap on the wrist after trying, and almost succeeding, in spoiling their plans. Opposing them meant death, and more and more people from the light side were experiencing this as the days went by. Hermione would not lie. The prospect of death did scare her, and so did the crazy, insane and positively evil woman who was currently holding the 'brightest witch of her age' at wand-point, but what scared her more was the thought of the dark side actual winning. She was in the middle of a war and Hermione knew that she might lose people that she cared for, Sirius Black had been one of them, but the thing about wars were they ended, and depending on who won Hermione would not have to lose anymore of her comrades and friends. Currently what she dreaded most was losing Harry and Ron, both of them was family in her book, and she would under no circumstances let them parish in front of her eyes. She would rather die. Hermione found herself watching Bellatrix Lestrange with mixed emotions, she hated the woman to no end for what she had done to Sirius (her own bloody cousin), the Longbuttoms and what she was about to do to her, but what over shined the strong emotion of hate was the ice-cold feeling of fear she felt chilling the bottom of her heart. So much for being the oh so brave Gryffindor, she was scared just by being in the mere presence of the horrid woman. Bellatrix jabbed her wand into Hermione's throat, and the younger witch was sharply pulled out from whatever thoughts she had had. "I didn't take anything, please. I didn't take anything. " She cried at the mad look that reached Bellatrix's eyes. She was going to kill her, and she was going to enjoy killing her. Hermione was certain, this would be her last day on earth, and she would never get to tell her boys how much she loved them again. She hoped they would be fine without her, somehow Hermione had always managed to save their arses, and they hers, but this time there would be no saving. She just hoped the two of them got out of this alive, one thing was certain. A cellar could not hold Harry James Potter captured forever, he would find a way out of this mess, he always did. And when he did, he would become the savior of the world. "I don't believe it." Bellatrix's voice was an angry whisper and it brought fear into Hermione's heart, suddenly the other witch moved on top of her, her hands placed on Hermione's arm and her own wand. Hermione turned her head to see what Bellatrix was doing when a sharp pain stung her arm forcefully, the mixture of the sudden pain and the fear that followed lead Hermione to wail out a loud, startled scream while she tried to rip her arm from her grasp. It was to no help though, the only thing it seemed to do was please her tormentor throughoutly. Bellatrix Lestrange was etching something into her skin with her wand or a knife Hermione could not figure out, but Bellatrix did it forcefully and she was bloody enjoying it. It hurt and burned horribly and Hermione could not remember once she had been subjected to this kind of humiliation, discrimination and mutilation. The only thing she could probably associate to this was probably some of the bullying Draco had done to her through her years of Hogwarts, but none of it came even close to what she was feeling now. Compared to his psychotic aunt Draco seemed like a kindergarten bully. Unfortunately for Hermione the carvings in her skin would be the least of her worries, the other witch had better things in mind, funnier things in mind, more entertaining things in mind that she wanted to subject her captive to. Bellatrix proceeded to cut Hermione's skin open, and now it was not just her arm anymore, no, the knife travelled further across her skin, gracing her neck and colour bones as well, before Bellatrix abruptly tore the knife up in an even more destructive move and then proceeded to bite her. " Stop! " Hermione screamed fearfully as canines were buried into her tender, bloodied flesh, "Please, stop!" But the witch continued to let her sharp ivories mutilate Hermione's once beautiful flesh. She bit down hard in a shockingly close distance to Hermione's artery, like some vampire from a bad muggle horror film, drawing another scream, and Hermione could feel the smile that was brought forward by her tormentors glee. At this she tried her hardest to hold back any sounds, just for the mare feeling of satisfaction it brought to her not to let Bellatrix get her way. Oh Merlin, she's absolutely insane, she enjoys this. Bellatrix smiled wickedly and removed her pearly whites from Hermione's bleeding flesh, licking her lips where blood was clearly evident. And for a short moment Hermione actually believed she was done torturing her and would leave her for now, for a short hopeful moment she really thought she had experienced the worst of it and that the rest of Bellatrix's torture would be a piece of cake. She could not have been more wrong, for the second Bellatrix got off of her and stood again, she was watching her like a predator watched its prey. Hermione could not help but feel that she was admiring the work she had done on her, for she looked satiated at the blood oozing from the muggleborn witch. A delightful smile spread wider across her lips and suddenly her wand was pointed directly at Hermione's chest. She's going to kill me. Oh Godric, I hope the boys make it out of here. Ron, you have to help Harry on from now on "CRUCIO!" Her last goodbyes ended abruptly as a pain so intense and all-consuming hit her. It felt like knifes were penetrating her skin and irons were burning her flesh, the screams she had been holding in her best slipped past her lips and her voice could be heard from even outside of the large manor. It was incredible how quickly one could go from fearing death to wishing for it, really it was only a matter of a few seconds. A few excruciating, otherworldly painful seconds. Never before in her life had she been in so much pain. She had expected horrible limb tearing pain, but this− this was agony on a totally other level. It was unbearable to say the least, the cruciatus curse was a torture curse, one of the three unforgivable, and also the curse that had made Neville's parents lose their wits, leaving the lad to be raised by his grandmother, she had already known all of this. What she had not known was how horrible torture really had to be to make you lose your mind. Hermione's eyes were slammed shut by pain, her eyebrows furred together with the rest of her face, wrinkled in hurt. Her eyes were wet with tears, but she could not even feel the water splashing down her cheeks, because everything was clouded by the absolute pain of the torture curse. Through her confused and overworking senses she could hear deformed screams, screams that were probably her own, she would not know, she could not register anything but the pain after all. She could faintly hear the insane laughter from Bellatrix, because the sound felt even more powerful than her own pain excruciating screams, though it probably was not, was it because it was her making Hermione feel this way that the laughter sounded so loud? For a moment the pain ceased and all that went through Hermione's mind was the thought of 'would Ron and Harry be treated like this when they were done with her?' She wished horribly that that would be a 'no' but she knew better than that, she knew that they would call upon Voldemort when they figured out that it was indeed Harry in the basement (they already had a very good idea that it was him), and she knew that Voldemort would kill her best friend, but probably first after he had had his share of fun. The only thing calming about that was the thought of Harry being safe until the self-proclaimed dark lord got him. Was there any way she could delude Bellatrix attentions for just a moment more to give her friends more time? If there was, she would find it. Another sickening thought hid her, Ron was not as 'lucky' as Harry would be, he was not considered important enough to keep alive and as a 'blood traitor' as the death eaters would call him, he was probably high on their list to rid the magical world off. He would suffer heinous torture as bad, if not worse than her own, and then he would more than likely be killed in the most miserable way possible; the Aveda was not painful enough for blood traitors and she was certain that the death eaters had better ideas of how to off her best friend. Godric, how could she help her boys? There had to be something she could do! Just as that thought passed her the torture began again, and for what felt like an eternity all Hermione heard, saw, breathed was earth shattering pain. The next time she had the power to even open her own eyes was when she had faintly noticed that the curse had been stopped, how long she had been under it this time she did not know. It felt like an aeon, but maybe it had only been minutes? The insufferable pain had made her very unaware of the concept of time, a flimsy memory of what she had read passed her mind, those under the curse would be made so unaware of everything because of the natural instinct to push away the feeling of pure agony, it was a defense mechanism, but not a good enough one in Hermione's books. "Fetch me the goblin," she heard Bellatrix hiss from further away. She had not even registered that the witch had actually left her, before the order to take care of the Gringott's worker, the poor creature. She could hardly manage to move at the moment, and it took a lot of her strength to simply turn her head a few degrees, but she did so determined. She knew she would regret looking at it, but she let her eyes glide across her cut up arm, morbid curiosity getting the best of her. 'Mudblood' was torn into her arm, and Hermione's eyes watered again. For an instance she hardly felt the after effects of the curse, every thought in her mind clouded with anger and devastation. She hardly felt the Crucio that had been done on her had been worth her tears when her eyes trailed the horrid letters in her