Spoiler alert: Neither I, nor my comrades which cowrote this tale, are J. K. Rowling. I own nothing except too many books and a cat. He likes rats, too. The Grim's Rat Walls. Stone? Stone… stone, yes… stone. Stone that stretches in every direction. Stone surrounded by stone below and above. Stone on padded feet. Stone above matted hair. Stone on skin. Stone under skin. Stone melted into blood. Stone. Stone. Stone. Stone. Stone. Stone. Stone. Stone. So much stone. Rough. So very rough. Not a smooth pebble to skip on the lake on a warm summer day, but stone. Jagged and jabbing stone. Scratches the unyielding flesh and leaves veins even in the darkest, strongest stone. Once sanguine veins replaced with the grating, prodding, bruising, aching bile that seeps into a soul of stone. Cold. Can't get used to cold. How long? Days. Weeks. Maybe years. Must be ice by now. Sets into the bones, creeps through the muscles, and settles on flesh. Glaciers erode stone, but only in a matter of eons. Stone can withstand the cold, but does it ever really get used to it? Well, I haven't. No man ever really gets used to misery and so few have seen misery such as mine. Betrayed. Exiled. Deserted. Stoned to death. Left to rot in the dark. Dead. Dead. They are dead. Who… Who are dead? They are dead. So very dead. What were their names again? They never fucking feed me in this place. These walls are going to drive me mad. There are 226 stone blocks scraping at my sides. What are they made of? The walls. Stone? Stone… yes, stone… stone. The darkest stone that seeps into a once warm soul. Stone that stretches in every direction. Stone surrounded by stone below and above. Stone on padded paws-feet. I don't have paws anymore. I can't anymore. I am too weak. They devour the life out of you when the grey light wains away... GODDAMNED RAT. Squeaks and squeals and disappears through the shadow of a crevice. You dare to weasel through my walls without giving me a chance to seize you? They never fucking feed me in this place. Get back here, you little bastard! "Yes, cousin, the RAT! You'll never catch him if you don't keep quiet." Fuck. The bitch giggles through the stone. Always could laugh in the face of darkness, that one. Never quite had her head on straight. "How many have you caught this month?" Three. "Better than last month. What do they taste like?" I shrug: Better than gruel. "Yes, well, I myself never much liked the taste of rat. Far too gamey. I much prefer the roaches." You disgust me. "Much more sport in ratting, though. Sneaking, treacherous little devils." Goddamned rat. His fat face was screwed up in concentration, and I groaned. Why could he not do the magic I had mastered weeks before? With only two nights before the full moon, he needed to learn quickly. There were others with us, I know. Two other boys. I only see the rat. Then the fat boy's nose began to twitch, first almost imperceptibly, then more dramatically. His nostrils turned pink and shrunk back into his face, which was shrunken too. His hair turned gray; for a minute he looked like some sort of grotesque man-baby. I laughed. And then, he was a rat. Come back here, little rat. I am going to grasp you in my claws and slowly draw you in opposite directions to feel the elasticity in your ligaments snap as you are torn and scattered. Place your joints in the corners of my jaws and feel the crunch as warm flesh enters my stomach for the first time in days. Listen to you screech in your torment. Bask as I feed off of the little heat left in this god forsaken cell. You will scream. You will writhe. You will feel pure agony. You will fucking beg for mercy. My god, how you will suffer, little rat. As I have. Though I doubt that I ever truly was happy at home, I was nowhere near as miserable as I thought I was. I had the rebellious, brooding nature of a teenager molded by parents who should have known better. So ungrateful. I had a variety of food within my belly. I had my friends. I had honor. I had trust. I had lov… I had… I had…. I had a room of my own, once. There was half-dressed woman permanently stuck to my wall to spite my mother. Now I just have- Walls. Stone? Stone… yes… stone. Stone that stretches in every direction. Stone surrounded by stone below and above. Stone on padded feet. Stone above matted hair. Stone on skin. Stone under skin. Stone melted into blood. Stone. Stone. Stone. Stone. Stone. Stone. Stone. Stone. Well, at least I have my stone. "And you have me, cousin." A crazed howl strengthens in my gut and reverberates through the chords in my throat, lamenting my pitiful predicament. The outcry convulses what is left of body as I heave the air in and out of my lungs: And, yes, I have Bellatrix. I'm going to kill Bellatrix, too. But, first: The goddamned rat. The rat transformed. It was human again, not a boy, but a plump, balding man with watery eyes, who looked fearfully from me to the other man. The other man was tall and thin, with pitch black, untidy hair, but his face is blurred in my memory. Try as I might, I can't clear it up. He shook hands with the rat. "Sirius has had an idea," he said to the rat, nodding his head in my direction. "Thinks it'll help keep us safe. If no one in the Order knows who our Secret Keeper is, whoever the rat is- the one who's leaking information to Voldemort- won't have the right information to give him. It's foolproof." The rat gulped in fear at the sound of Voldemort's name. "So what do you need from me?" he asked through the wheeze in his voice. I rolled my eyes at his lack of understanding. Did I always have to explain everything? " You're going to be Secret Keeper," I told him, "Dumbledore offered to be Secret Keeper, but James has already told him it's going to be me. So everyone in the Order thinks I'm the Secret Keeper, but it's going to be you. All you have to do is lay low and be yourself, and I'll take all the heat, unable to give them any information, no matter how much they torture me." The rat's watery eyes widened. He shuddered. "M-me? S-secret Keeper f-f-for James and Lily?" " That's right," the other man replied. "I've run it by her and she approves. All that's left is for us to perform the charm, and then the three of us, Lily, Harry, and I, will be safe because you..." A slit in the wall lets in the palest light on the rare occasion that it decides to break through. I used to feel engulfed by the darkness, but I have grown so accustomed to it that I can see the faint changes as the grey sun sinks over the clouded horizon. Night oozes through the walls and the cold… The wretched cold gets worse as the darkness truly sets in. They breed in the night, when the weight of the stone blankets even the chattiest of relatives. I hate them. I fear them. I both hate that I fear them and am afraid to hate them. Like ravens looming over the slimiest of loots, they begin to feed in the night. Even the deepest of sleeps cannot provide an escape from the ice that glides through halls when the moon should shine through. The screams of the others strengthen. Even Death Eaters are afraid of the dark. Especially the Death Eaters. As I slip further and further into the night, I feel the rough stone beneath my hands turn into the glaciers that I fear throughout the day. It bites my skin more sharply than the cursed, coarse stone ever could. They are here… They are always here… I hear their dragging breaths, tasting the despair in the air. They are hungry. A silent howl brews in my belly and escapes a gaping mouth that has long forgotten what sound feels like. I knew something was wrong the moment I arrived. It was Halloween night, but rather than being filled with the sounds of delighted kids rushing up and down the street, stuffing their faces with Chocolate Frogs and Fizzing Whizbees, Godric's Hollow was quiet. I leapt off my bike and broke into a run, deciding as I did that I would be faster as a dog, so I transformed and took off at top speed, a cold terror forming in my chest. A confused crowd was gathered around the boundary of the magical protection the Fidelius Charm provided. Parents stood with their hands over their children's eyes, wanting to protect them from whatever was on the other side, but too eager to learn about the tragedy to leave. As I wove my way through the crowd, I heard snippets of their conversations. " This is the Potter house, right? You-Know-Who must have-" " Damn shame." " But if they've been killed… The Dark Mark, where is it?" " I wonder what's become of the cat…" As I got closer to the house, my heart began to beat so fast I wasn't sure there were separate beats anymore; it could have been just a humming. Or maybe it had stopped. I ran faster. The whispers were getting scarier. " Did you see the thing that came out of the house?" " Like wispy black smoke-" " An evil cold-" " Worse than a dementor's chill-" " Was it really You-Know-Who?" " But then, is he gone?" I had reached the edge of the magical protection. I leapt over the hedge and into the yard, and what I saw made me skid to a halt. The top right side of the Potter's cottage had been blown to bits, and pieces of rubble were scattered all over the yard. Voldemort had come. But… The Killing Curse usually left no mark and certainly wouldn't destroy a house; perhaps James and Lily had fought him off, destroying their house in the process, and were on the run. That thought, that James and Lily were simply on the run, was my last, most desperate hope, and I clung to it as I transformed myself back into human form. I trekked slowly toward the house. The front door was flung open wide, and the soft scent of treacle tart, Lily's specialty and James' favorite, wafted from the ruins. I could still hear the sounds of the people outside. Their collective voices grew louder in the confusion the longer I stood there, and few of the children started to cry. Gathering my courage, I stepped across the threshold, gripping my wand tightly. I raised it slowly. " Lumos," I whispered. The light from my wand illuminated the hallway. I froze, and an anguished howl escaped my stone-still heart. A body lay at my feet, glasses askew, untidy hair everywhere, eyes open, glassy, and unseeing. I was frozen with grief, turned into stone, and I could not look away. I glazed over, my eyes betraying tears as they helplessly fixed on the figure in front of me. Dead. Dead. They are dead. Because of my stupid idea. And that goddamned rat. The ground grumbles this morning. A foreign thud echoes strangely heavy footsteps. It's not one of them. It can't be one of them. This room is far too warm. The pattern begins at faint sludge, but builds in strength as the figure lumbers closer. I know that feeling. A pleasant, familiar thump against a body that has been numb for far too