Summary: Bella has a surprise for her mom on New Year's Eve. She's not the only one who's got a surprise in store for the New Year, come to find. And sometimes, on New Year's Day, all the surprises can be good! "Mom," Bella said, her voice trembling. "Guess where we are?" I looked at my Bella. She was holding onto her phone like it was the only thing that she could hold onto. She clutched it desperately, and her knuckles were white. Bella listened for a few seconds, then her face became piqued with annoyance. "No, no, Ma!" she said, "We didn't go to New York City to watch the ball drop! Don't tell Phil that! We came ... we came ..." Bella looked at me. "We came here, Mom," she whispered. I smiled lightly at Bella, letting her know it was okay, and that this was real, and that, yes, she was home. Home in a place she'd never been to before: Milwaukee. So this was an alien home for her, but it was still home, because she hadn't seen her mother since ... May of this year: May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December ... seven months that Bella's been my little charge, but also seven months since she's seen her own mother, whom she loves. And a lot has happened in those seven months: moving in with me (well, technically, into my parent's house), getting accepted to Dartmouth on a full four-year scholarship ... I wonder how that happened. Don't ask ... moving into her dorm room at college, mostly by herself, and meeting her really mean college roommate... Oh, her college roommate was me. What a strange coincidence! Or for Bella, anyway. She hasn't really learned that you can ask for such things, or even who to ask. You ask sweetly and insistently enough, things usually go your way. Like, for example: this. Bella didn't ask to come here. She didn't even know that she could ask. She didn't see it as a possibility. But that's okay. I did. You should have seen her on Christmas day when I gave her this present. She didn't even know what an itinerary was. I had to explain it to her. But when she finally understood ... You know: she could supply a family a year's worth of water when she gets to crying like that. Bella really is a very sweet girl. "No, Mom!" Bella continued. "Here! We're at ..." She paused, trying to remember the name of the airport. "Mitchell Airport," I supplied, at the same time she recollected and told her mother: "Mitchell Airport," she said. "Mom! We're in Milwaukee!" The smile on Bella's face threatened to break through the tight control she had. And then her smile trembled, and my Bella fell apart and was crying. With happiness. ... "Bella! Bella!" Renée nearly shrieked, and she ran around the rental before I could even park in their little, tiny visitor's parking spot, ripping open the passenger door and then ripping poor Bella out of the passenger seat... Or trying to. You can't rip somebody out of their seat when their buckled in. And Bella can't unbuckle herself when her mother's putting at her daughter with all her might. Bella looked at me, helplessly, then back to her mother. "Mom! Mom! Just ... chill! Jeez!" Renée did not chill. She undid the belt buckle herself and pulled Bella out of the car. Then the bear hug and waterworks. It was slightly ... amusing to watch from the driver's seat. I waited, very patiently, for one of them to break the embrace. Hm. My patience was all of ten seconds, or two eternities, it felt like, and nobody showed any signs ... whoops! No, Renée was crying, and ... yes, there goes Bella, too. I sighed. Well, now I know where Bella gets it from. Weepy women can be so trying at times, I swear. You'd never see that between me and my mom. Well, me and Esmé. My mom died having me. Maybe that's why people always found me so cold. I just never connected with anybody on an emotional level. If I didn't connect, then I wouldn't feel sad when they died, see? Bella and Renée didn't seem to share my view. That was fine, I guess, but it can be 'interesting' for me to watch two grown women put their hearts so obviously on their sleeves. I got out of the now-parked car, and watched them for a moment. "I'll just get the luggage," I said eventually. I don't think the crying girls? women? heard me. "I'll help with that, Rosalie." Phil. I thought Emmett, a linebacker for Tolland High School and then second draft for the NFL was big, but then I met Phil, Renée's boyfriend. People think baseball players are tall, thin guys. They are half-right. Phil's a professional baseball player, now with the Milwaukee Brewers, his first break into the 'Bigs,' and he is easily the size and weight of three other men, tall, tall, tall and, slight exaggeration, but almost as wide as I am tall. Definitely wider than the (very) pregnant Renée. "Thank you, Phil," I said, smiling politely. Our meetings were always colored by our first, in that trailer park where Bella and her mom had lived back outside of Tolland. Bella had called me, weeping and distraught, and I raced right over there that May night, not knowing what happened, but knowing that she needed me, and I see Phil and Bella coming out of the woods, her crying and I ... I thought the worst. I lost all sense of reason and saw red, rather than seeing what I just knew what happened, what he did to my Bella, and I screamed and barreled right into him, knocking him into the dirt, and was on top of him in a flash, ready to scratch his face off. It was Bella who stopped me. Phil was thunderstruck, paralyzed in confusion, although I supposed he could have knocked me off him, easily, and knocked me down and out. But he didn't. Bella stopped me, and explained that he went and got her from the woods when she left the traiier crying. And then she explained why. My Bella was leaving me, moving to Milwaukee, and she was so happy for her mom, and so ... distraught. She couldn't see herself without me, but she couldn't say 'No, Mom, stay in this dump in Tolland,' and why would she ask that of her mom, anyway. So we had a long, long talk, me, and Bella's family, after that. And then the media showed up. A senator's daughter 'attacked' in a trailer park? The police were always coming round there, but when they identified me ... Channel 3, Channel 8 and Channel 30's news trucks probably broke every law of the highway to get to the 'breaking news' story. Going to school the next morning was ... 'interesting.' I had to let Bella out of the car way before we got to the school so she wouldn't be savaged by the paparazzi, like I was. I spent three hours answering the same questions, over and over again, every second my temper reigned in tightly as I gave my sound-bite answers, making sure Daddy's reputation wasn't tarnished by my rather impulsive display. That was the first time Bella walked to school, part way, anyway. And the last. Nothing kills media's interest like a cool, in control, self-possessed young woman who has all the right, boring answers to every one of their provocative questions. But then it hurt somebody else, unexpected, so much worse: Lauren. 'When that was happening to me, did you ever tear down in your Explorer to rescue me from that Hell, Rosalie? Ever?' she screamed at me in the lunch room, much to the shock and glee of every single Tolland High School student who was witnessing Lauren's breakdown. And me explaining that was kindergarden and none of us knew what was happening did not help at all. 'Yes, you did! Yes, YOU DID! And you did NOTHING, Rosalie Hale, NOTHING as my dad ... my dad ... r-raped me every fucking day, and NOBODY DID A FUCKING THING!" And I did what I could, then. I held her and held her as she cried, and kissed her head and wouldn't let her go, even as she screamed she hated me for rescuing Bella when I didn't rescue her. An interesting day for everybody. School security didn't know if I were dangerous and needed to be torn off Lauren, and they moved to break us apart, and that just sent Lauren into hysterics. That backed them off ... to a safe three-meter distance. Hysterical Lauren was a force to be reckoned with. So I held her and told her I was sorry, and that I was her friend, and that I loved her, and was there for her now. Seeing me hold Lauren, kissing her, hugging her, as she cried? The rumors that flew after that. Lauren and I were apparently labeled a 'thing.' And the propositions we got from boys trying to 'straighten' us out? Lauren had a whole new appreciation of the 'gay-thing' that Bella and I had. And Bella, my jealous little Bella, tried to survive Lauren's new ... closeness to me as best as she could, but I could see it was hard for her, even though I assured her, daily that there was nothing sexual in this at all. You try telling your jealous girlfriend something, something that she witnessed every minute of, and you might understand how ... hard it was on Bella, this whole time leading to her mother leaving her. All the while being afraid that her Rosalie, her very reason for being, was leaving her, too. And to top it off, leaving her for Lauren, the relationship-wrecker, and you might understand that Bella was feeling more than a bit of trepidation as she watched the situation unfold around her. For Bella, it was always an emotional wringer. But ... I liked that. I liked that Bella dared to live, to hope, whereas everybody else, including me, just passed through life. Every moment was a desperate one, but at least, for her, it was a moment, whereas everybody was left wondering where their lives went. Bella may be swept along through the tidal wave of her life, but at least she lived it, and tried to swim, tried to keep her head above water. That she seemed to fail to do that ... well, that's why she had me, right? to grab her by the hair and force her to breathe when she seemed incapable of doing just that. Unlike Renée. Renée always pretended to be getting by, when she just ... couldn't. I'm glad she found Phil, the big lug, and he chose to the right thing by Renée. An up-and-comer fully twenty years her junior ... he could've abandoned Renée so easily. But Eros' arrow hit its mark in Phil's heart: he had it really bad for Renée, and you could tell by the look of devotion he had in his eyes whenever he looked at his girlfriend. Bella's mom. The big lug and I carried the luggages up to their tiny apartment. A pro baseball player? Tons of money, right? Unless you're like the most of the rest of the team, and not on first rotation of the batting list. Phil's big break was to be not a second-stringer but a third- stringer on a triple-A team that had never won a pennant. But he was in the Bigs, and he was so, so happy, chasing his dream while he could, his adoring love by his side. Bella and Renée: they knew how to love with all their heart, and both Phil and I are so grateful for that. Phil with his 'aw-shucks!' expression, and