Chapter summary: Why is it that some people just cruise through life, given every privilege, and some people, ... well: they try and try and try, but everything always goes to shit? ... Why does that always happen for some people? Some people like me: Lauren Mallory. It was a slow night at the bar. It always was a slow night at the bar, but this one was particularly slow, with only Ted, the old barnacle, here, because he had nowhere else to go, I assumed, as I was either way too young for him to be hitting on me, or he was way too old. He was a friend of my dad's. When my dad was still alive. And now the bar that my dad opened, his pride and joy, was filled with more memories than people, and I tended bar, my inheritance, to honor dad's memory, I guess. And I guess Ted'd kill me if I shut down the fire hazard posing as a rat trap. The only change I made, that I could make, to the bar was just one concession to modernity: an HDTV that played ESPN-8, the Ocho: all sports, all the time. And what sports they played! Australian football? (which was actually a pull with so many 'Stralians here in Hawaii) Cricket? Is that even a sport? Rugby? (is that even a sport, or is it actually just a free-for-all mêlée?) Dodgeball? "If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball!" "What?" WHACK! I love that movie! Especially the scene where the guy goes and visits the girl, and her house was filled with rainbows and unicorns. I'd love to have a house like that. I'd love to decorate the bar like that, but ... ... Yup, you guessed it: Ted would kill me. I think Dad and Ted served in one of the wars, or 'police actions' like Vietnam, when they were in the Navy together, and I swear they were joined at the hip. I never understood how Mom put up with the constancy of Ted's presence, but we're Filipinos, and we put up with a lot of shit that everybody else won't stand for. That's why they created the 'steward' rating in the Navy: for Filipinos, like my dad, and for the blacks, like the world-famous author Alex Haley, who wrote the book Roots. He was a Navy steward. Just because he was black. I bet you didn't know that. Just like my dad. Just because he was Filipino. But my dad didn't become this world-famous author like Alex Haley. No, the Navy parked him in Hawaii, gave him his precious American citizenship (that was the deal), and he opened up a bar here in Hawaii in this, at the time, nowhere town of Mililani, and here he married a Filipina from the plantation (yup, they had plantations here: where do you think Dole pineapples come from? The can?), and settled in for the good life in America with his 1.3 kids. That's me, by the way: his daughter, the apple of his eye. You think he'd have more kids. For Filipinos, you're not done until you have a son, but owning and operating a bar is a double- full-time job, and Dad had time to work the bar and to sleep, and his social life was in the bar, and home was the apartment above it. So that's where I live now. I have to say: I can't complain about the commute. But the bar may have been more happening when Dad opened it, but even after they paved H2, we've never seen much traffic. Mililani is a family-town, and you don't take the family to a bar that doesn't serve meals. And H2 exists for one reason: to get you to Pearl Harbor. It doesn't take you to Honolulu because if you're a tourist, you're already there. So why stop off here for a drink when you can get one on base or when you're sunning yourself on the white, sandy beaches of Waikiki? Dad didn't have a great nose for business when it came for choosing the location of his bar, but ... it was what he could afford to buy and to open, its pace was just about right for him, retiring from the Navy, and he loved the place and pretty much tended bar until the day he died. So, lots of memories for me here, and it paid for my college education, at UH Manoa, so I tend bar here now, to honor my Dad's memory, at least for now. At least until Ted dies. Old coot just seems to be going on forever, just as my luck would have it. I felt I was stuck here, bored to death, in the 'island paradise.' I wanted to go see the world. Go somewhere cold, for God's sake. Like Alaska! Or Iceland! (there's a name!) or ... Antarctica! Don't laugh. How many people in the world have been to Antarctica, huh? I'd be, like, the two-hundredth person, ever, to have been to Antarctica. And I'd be o-so-popular with the boyz when they found out I was from Hawaii. I hear there's lots to do in Antarctica, like counting penguin eggs, and afterwards you have to warm up, and they like more than just hot cocoa, if you know what I mean. I mean: a cocoa-colored girl in the sack is just what those mad scientists need! And it has been a long time since I've had me some mad scientist dick. Or any dick for that matter. It's been like a vagillion years, more or less, and I'm afraid it was getting to be 'more' than 'less.' And Ted was always so liquored up the only dick he had was a limp one, and fucking my dad's friend? Ew. Okay? Just ew. "Get you another one, Ted?" I asked him. He looked away from the TV listlessly to me, then checked his glass. "Nah," he said, "I'm still nursing this one." It's only a slight exaggeration to say that he'd been nursing that same beer for the last three years. "'Kay," I said, and let him get back to watching the flat screen. I wish I could say I got back to doing something, but the brass at the bar shone like it was gold, and you could eat off the floor. And study? Impossible with the TV on, even though it was mindless nothing. I suppose I could take up crocheting, or stamp collecting or something ... But this was a listless place, and so that's how my life passed. The regulars came, the regulars went, and I'd kick Ted out every night and close up, sleep until it was time to get ready to open up again, and there'd Ted be, just waiting. He had no life, the old fart Navy retiree, but who was I to talk? People go crazy, they get 'Island Fever.' You can only drive so far. There's no escape, so you either adjust to the 'Aloha' pace, or you go stir crazy. Most people adjust, and that was my life, just ... tending bar, and that was it. Tingle. I looked to the door to see who braved the wild outdoor weather of Hawaii ... it was 75°F outside, because it was always 75°F outside ... and nearly dropped my jaw, my bra, and my panties. In walked a ... girl ... woman, and she was ... Okay: she was sex on legs. Shoulder-length cornsilk, almost platinum, blond hair, sea-green eyes, and a paleness that screamed Mainlander, and a build on the thin side, like those stupid supermodels these days, but she had a solidity to her that didn't say 'wispy-thin' nor 'wiry-thin,' it said... It said ... Okay, it said ' wow.' She cased the joint, which a laser-sharp focus, checking the location of the back exit and the layout of the bar. She scanned Ted, who didn't even take his eyes off the TV to notice her, and she checked me out. It was like a threat assessment, and her eyes, taking us both in, said: no threat. Then she strode to the bar. She didn't walk like a girl walks. She walked like a guy. No, guys slouch or shamble, she, on the other hand, walked with power and purpose. She knew exactly where she was going, and she carried herself like she owned the place. She walked like: "you touch me, I'll rip off your arm and beat you to death with it." In-fucking-timidating. And, instead of going right up the to bar and sitting, she took the short side of the 'L,' put her back against the wall so she had a full view of the entire bar, with nearly nobody in it, and the front door. Also, if she just did a slight turn, she'd be around the corner and out the back door in less than a second. I saw one other person do that, years ago. He was a professional assassin. He showed me his suitcase that contained the 'tools' of his trade. That's the only night I ever remember praying for realsies to God. "God, please get him out of here, and don't let him come back, ever." And that's the only time God answered my prayer for realsies, because the guy left, he didn't come back, and nobody died that night. That I know of, anyway. This girl was more obvious than that guy. It was like she didn't care if you knew she was dangerous, or ... something. She just projected mean and angry. Two other things: she'd be a real beauty, except for the fact that she didn't smile, her eyes, her face, her expression, it was cold, ... not listless, like Ted's. She was ice. Not that I was a slouch in the 'beauty' department. Filipinos won Miss World and Miss Universe how many times compared to every other country? Filipino women are the most beautiful women in the world, and I wasn't a knock-out, by Filipino standards, after all: we all looked the same, right? (Not really) But for everybody else? I got appreciative looks. I know it. I am fine, damn fine, but ... warm, friendly, sweet ... soft, like my skin: a soft brown. Not like the ice princess-assassin sitting at the short end of the 'L,' here. The other thing about her? Blue jeans and a blue sweatshirt? In Hawaiian weather? I have a question, by the way: why is it that sailors wear blue uniforms all day, and as soon as they're granted liberty wear blue jeans and a blue shirt, or a white tee shirt, that is: exactly like the uniform they've been wearing? Because this girl? Obviously Navy: they all walk the same, talk the same, and all hang out with the same buddies from the barracks. Except that she was alone. Broke up with her boyfriend today? I found myself alive with curiosity, not that I particularly cared about this person, just that she was something strange and different, and that rarely happened in our sleepy town of Mililani and much so less here at the bar that had seen its glory days more than a decade ago. I approached her to ask what she'd be having, but she just said, curtly, "Beer." And that was that from her. "Any particular one?" I asked. She did glance at me on that. She grimaced. "A Bella." she said. "Uh, ..." I didn't know that that was. Or, more correctly: I knew there was no such beer, but it didn't look like she wanted to be corrected. At any rate, not tonight, for some reason. Tension just ran through her stiff posture. It was like she just got off the plane from Wall Street and was still in Mainland mode. I wanted to tell her to chill the fuck out. She smirked at me with a superior air.