One-shot summary : What? Really? Rosalie and Bella tie the knot? On St. Valentine's day? Awwwww! This is a side-story to my little AH/AU BellaRose Ridden fic. A sequel to my one-shot "Happy New Year." It was finally happening. Of course, Bella said yes, and, of course, we had to get married right now. A month and a half was more than enough time for an engagement, and Valentine's Day was the day you were supposed to show your love for your sweetheart. Well, when I bought Bella that rock to give to her on New Years Day, the wheels were already in motion. Not that she couldn't say 'no' to me. I mean, I fully expected her 'yes' (I suppose I didn't expect quite so many tears, but Bella is Bella, and I love her for them), but if she said 'no,' it would've been okay, I'm sure. I mean, she could've said anything she wanted. Wouldn't matter. She was mine, from the top of her head down to her dainty toes, so anything she said would've been fine, like: 'No, Rosalie, right here in front on my mom, I will not marry you; I will not be your wife.' I'd be, like: 'Oh, that's fine, Bella ... did you want a big or small ceremony?' And then handle the discipline aspect later. Like I did when she, eventually, did say 'yes.' 'Waaaah! Boo, hoo, hoo! Waaaaah! Waaaah!' she wailed. 'So I take it that's a "yes," Bella?' I remarked wryly. 'Waaaaah! Waaaaah! Waaaaah!' You would not believe the heroic measures I had to take to calm her so I could rock her to sleep that night. Oh, so is 'fuck her so many times and so hard that she faints' a synonym for 'calm'? I wonder that, idly, sometimes, when I have nothing better to do. But 'yes' she did say, and discipline I did administer. Not that I had to. Administering discipline falls to me, but I can't say I dislike giving Bella little ... 'corrections' now and again, when I feel she needs them. And she always does so need my corrective measures. Long. Hard. And often. But, when I set the wheels in motion for the fated day, it included telling my parents, because ... Because I felt it'd be ... nice for them to know, in an abstract sense, that their daughter was getting married. Mom took it very well, of course. You don't come into my bedroom on my eighteenth birthday and find a girl in your daughter's arms and not know something was up, and it was more than just a 'sleepover' with my 'new friend' who wasn't in the cheerleading squad who Mom had never met. Yeah, the introduction that Saturday morning went over well. Well, as well as could be expected. But Dad ... Dad didn't take that bit of news well at all. Which surprised me. It's not like he knew I existed, or anything ... standing me up on my eighteenth birthday for the lame-ass reason that he had to study issues on the Obamacare bill ... Excuse me? Is that what they call 'fucking another one of your interns your daughter's age'? Just wondering. Being a member of the U.S. Senate had its perks. Like: 'handlers' and 'interns.' Yeah, he 'handled' them, and they 'handled' him, too. And he 'interned' them, a lot. The only time he did come home was when I almost got expelled weeks before graduation, and the media went into a frenzy about it. He didn't come home to rescue nor to defend me. Oh, no: he came home to do damage control on publicity nightmare, that I, his no-good daughter, created. He grounded me life plus twenty for that one, and he swore I'd never see my friends again. Being a member of the U.S. Senate had its problems: like you read about your dad on the front page of the Hartford Courant. Weekly. And that's how I knew my dad. And when he read about me on the front page, though, it was the 'end of the World,' and 'what in the World has gone wrong with kids these days!' and I was grounded for life. But, could I say, "Well, Dad, I get called into the principal's office for standing up for my friend (whom I love) because somebody decides she has to call her a fucking dyke, a bitch and whore and slaps her face in the cafeteria during lunch, and that's bad, but when you get put on the front page for bribes, I mean, 'accepting gifts from political action committees of weekend vacations on multimillion dollar yachts stocked with coke and hookers,' that's okay, is it, Dad, huh?" Could I say that? No, I could not. Not if I didn't want to see Dad go into one of his 'roid rages and take it out on me and Mom, that is. I so loved that he had his own place on Senator row in Washington, D.C. It kept him there and us safe here in Connecticut, and all we had to do is stand next to him and smile at the camera, his beautiful, perfect family during the quarterly photo shoots when he came back to his home State to tell us all what a great job he was doing for us in D.C. And people say I have the perfect life. Well, yes, actually, I do. Yes, I'm ultrarich, now independently from my parents, I own four corporations now, and my web start-up I just sold to Google for forty million dollars. Not bad for a junior in college. Sad to see that team and my IP for that company go, they were good people, and the company's value just passed one hundred million dollars, so I guess I undersold, but, hey, I can always start another web company. I hear 'cloud computing' is in. I'll just get a bunch of hungry guys from the computer science department together, feed them subways and give them some laptops and let them rip. 'Go play, guys! Invent something awesome!' That's what I did with my last company. That worked. And that doesn't even touch the mutual fund company I've been managing for, oh, three years now. We just passed three bil-... I won't tell you what we've just passed. You wouldn't believe me. Anyway, you can read it in our annual report. We're the little investment portfolio management firm known as the Pacific Northwest fund. Yeah, we're doing well. Our shareholders like us. We have charitable arm that gives grants and scholarships, particularly for underprivileged students who show some promise in the creative arts, such as writing, for example. I just mention that in passing. No. Bella doesn't know a thing about my business ... interests. She has enough worries on her own. I gave her a black credit card, and I give her anything she wants. All she has to do is look, and it's hers. She gets a little gun-shy when we go shopping sometimes. Might be when she saw the floor model of the latest Tesla (those pure-electric cars), and said, 'Wow, Rosalie, look at that!' It did look nice, all sleek black, the door opening itself for you when it sensed you were near, and a heads-up display, right on the windshield, showing you everything: your speed, your location, your distance to your destination, and the price of the entrées at the restaurant you were going to. It was nice. So, the next week, when I drove up in one to pick her up for class, telling her that it was hers ... Yeah, she gets a little gun-shy these days when I take her out, well, anywhere, actually. Dad bought mom an island in the Caribbean... There's actually a town in France with a medieval castle for sale. The whole town. I'm not joking. I'm wondering if Bella likes French food. Just wondering. Then there's the Redsox. I think two-hundred million was a controlling share up for grabs. Bella and I could own a major league baseball team. All it'd take from me is one phone call to my investment team, and ... I have to see if Bella's a Redsox fan. People actually will their season tickets to the Redsox. There's a waiting list to buy season tickets for the Redsox, and they aren't cheap. Not for most people. If I owned the Redsox, season tickets and box seats would come with. Where I'd be sitting, the wind might actually spray me with David Ortiz's spit, and wouldn't that just make Phil, Bella's new dad, just keel over in a fangasm. And there's a title for sale, too. An island off of England, I hear: they're selling their title. Lady Rosalie, queen of whatever-island-nation-that's-for-sale. Sounds interesting. ... What is the title of the wife of a Queen, though? Lady Bella, wife-queen? All these problems we have, being ultrarich. And then there's the meetings with my lawyers and my wealth manager and my company CEOs, ... there was just never any time to study and to devote to being with Bella, and that really ticked me off. When I saw Bella, I was on the phone, or I was just flying in from somewhere, because I had to put out a fire, and my people needed me there. And then the favors. I mean, I just flew in from Hawaii because Lauren wanted me to look at some property, a bar, of all things, so she could take her latest flame, ... what was her name? Sophie? ... to her latest deployment to Alaska. Lauren volunteers twice to go to Afghanistan, gets blown up, then she volunteers to go to Alaska, because why? Because she has the hots for some barmaid that wants to go somewhere isolated and cold for a change? Whipped. Lauren was whipped, big time. When I was appraising the property with my team out there (it actually is a good deal on prime real estate, and the girl had no clue of its value ... she was asking 1980s prices for it. I almost felt sorry for her ... almost), Lauren actually, can you believe it, asked me if I had the pull to get her a job in ... okay, wait for it, Antarctica, of all places, and she told me she picked up her CDL for fork-lift operator because she knew there were open positions out there. "Out ... WHERE?" I nearly screeched. "Jeez, Rosalie, keep your voice down!" Lauren said. She wanted to ... okay, ... she wanted to surprise her Sophie with that gift, that she got a position out in Antarctica so they could move out there together, her and Sophie. Sophie's degree was in nautical science, so she'd be good for interning there, I suppose. Antarctica. Lauren was whipped. And I did not like that Sophie-girl at all. Lauren flew her out here, and right off the plane, Sophie was in my face about what was and what wasn't okay in a relationship, and that she wasn't this pushover that neither I nor Lauren could just own. So I was like, "Hm. That's ... interesting." Then I had Bella strip, right in front of her, in the Thai restaurant they brought me out to, because they wanted to impress me. I had been to that place before. I liked it. So I bought it. We had our own private dining room. A private dining room was good for when I wanted to fuck Bella, good and hard, after a nice and spicy panang gai, as I don't think our Catholic Democratic constituency would be cool with me throwing my girl on the table and ripping her dress off right in front of them. I didn't have a problem with it. Bella didn't have a problem with it ... eventually (after the second or third orgasm I forced out of her, she usually lost