Disclaimer: I just own the plot and any characters that you don't recognise from the HP books. Review Responses for Chapter 12 of What You Left Behind: Rsegovia – Ah, I hate to disappoint you but I have not plans for Percy romance at the moment. Still the story isn't actually finished yet so we'll see. I'm glad you liked that line, I stand by it as the truth about Harry and Ron. Thanks for the review and enjoy the sequel! Dark-Lady-Devinity – Let's just say that Malfoy's don't make empty threats. Glad you liked the ending chapter to 'What You Left Behind' and I hope you like this story just as much. Thanks for reviewing! PWeatherby – Good question there and I don't know what prompted you to ask it but you're right, this sequel will not be Percy centric in fact even though this chapter focuses on just one character this won't b anyone centric. It's stepping back more to an overall view of the war, Hogwarts and the Order. It picks up just before the last story ended and it will carry on to talk about the time period of Harry and Ron's sixth year. But don't despair as I'm guessing your name makes you a Percy fan, Percy will still be here and you'll certainly find out what happens to him, he's still got a role to play but the story I wanted to tell from here onwards involves needing a more general view from differing view points. Thanks for reviewing the previous story and I hope you enjoy this! Db – Lol! Did you really think I'd promise a sequel and then not deliver? I admit I'm a terrible updater these days but if I say there'll be a sequel there will be! And here it is! Thank you for your flattering remarks on the last story and I hope you like this one just as much! Cooldot – I'm so pleased you liked the ending as I admit until I wrote that chapter I didn't quite know what the heck it was going to end with! The cruelty of war's something we'll keep coming back to, that was the joy of working with Percy he's old enough to really understand more than Harry, Ron and Hermione have been and yet he's young and inexperienced enough to be shocked by what's happening. Percy's job is important to the Order and it certainly has a role to play as far as the plot's concerned. Narcissa's threat was something that wrote itself because it's something I've been dying to say myself ever since I read that scene at the end of book five (I admit it I love the Malfoys and I hate seeing them be mean to Draco!) and it will definitely cause further conflict! As to Ron and Hermione you'll have to wait and see, after all he may have other options. Thanks for reviewing the last story and I hope you'll continue to review and like this one! JMM – Yay! You said 'Go Narcissa'! Sorry but I'm with you about that, she was rather unpleasant but I think she was well within her rights to be angry with the Weasleys! The Gryffindors were wrong in their behaviour and James and Sirius were certainly beyond wrong in what they did to Snape! I think however that it may eventually begin to dawn on some that being one of the good guys doesn't mean that whatever you do is above and beyond criticism. Thanks for reviewing, hope you enjoy this sequel! Rutu – You hate Narcissa? Well I'm not surprised but look at it this way, she's an enraged mother who's had to put up with an attack on her only child. Still, she's no bloody saint! Yep, Lavender died! I was told by my friend who helped me with much of this story that to portray a real full on war properly I had to start being a bit less keen to save every single character and I'm afraid Lavender got it! I've always felt Ron and Percy eventually grow to be fairly close and the talk was meant to demonstrate that so I'm glad you liked it! Thanks for reviewing, enjoy the next part! Hydraspit – remembering to post's a pain! I'm getting worse at it! But I will try to improve my record for this story! Thanks for the review and enjoy the next part of the story! Insanechildfanfic – glad you enjoyed it, here's the next part! Thanks for reviewing! Mikhyel – Lol! I'm flattered! Marriage might be a bit far but putting out the sequel I can just about manage:o) Severus and Percy rock! Snape's my favourite character but Percy runs him close and let's face it Slytherins just are the best! Thanks for the review and here's the sequel so, enjoy! A/N: Ok, here it finally is, the sequel to What You Left Behind. You'd be advised to read that first if you haven't already but you'd probably get most of this anyway I think. Just to let you know this chapter's set before the end of WYLB by a few days. I've moved away from Percy's viewpoint for this sequel to a more overall view but he's still in it. This chapter's about one character mostly but after this it'll skip between everyone. Enjoy! A Subtle Change Chapter 1 Another summer was drawing to a close and Neville Longbottom was getting ready to face another year at Hogwarts; which would undoubtedly come with the various taunts and torments that the previous years had thrown at him, but that didn't mean he wasn't pleased to be going back. He loved Hogwarts, perhaps he'd love it slightly more if Professor Snape could leave him alone but that probably wasn't going to happen. It was a glorious day, bright sunshine with just enough of a breeze to stop things becoming too hot. Only that morning his mimbulus mimbletonia had been swaying around happily on his windowsill, revelling in the sunny weather. In fact the only blot on the day so far was that though he wished to return to Hogwarts he still felt guilty about going. Ever since his first year he had felt bad about leaving his grandmother alone and, even though he wasn't sure they knew the difference, he felt guilty for not spending more time with his parents as well. He was sat in their ward for his last visit of the summer, always a difficult one because he knew how long it would be until he saw them again and, worst of all, he was looking forward to leaving and his guilt for that was eating him up inside. His parents were both asleep, having been kept up half the night by a patient ranting from the other end of the ward and then given dreamless sleep potions. His grandmother had not accompanied him, as she was expecting a friend of hers to lunch, and Neville was therefore left with very little to do. His mother had still been awake when he had arrived and clutched in his hand was her latest offering of a brightly coloured sweet wrapper. He touched his mothers' hand gently; it was easier to be with them while they were asleep like this. Easier to pretend that one day they would wake up and be normal again, but he had long ago stopped believing that that could happen. He'd had too many disappointing years, had grown too much beyond the frightened young boy who had been upset beyond tears to realise his parents didn't have the earthliest idea who he was, or who anyone else was either. "Ten years. Did you know?" he asked quietly, "Ten years you've been on this ward and you'll likely be here ten more and you'll still be just the same as you were when you were first brought in. Still not able to understand or recognise anything, though sometimes I think you recognise me mum. Why else would you keep giving me those sweet wrappers? But you don't really know who I am and you never will. I wonder what you'd think of me if you did know me?" he sighed, "Pointless to ask, I'll never know." Neville sat back in his chair, staring at the two people his parents had become, staring at the reason he could never have been a normal child. He sank his head wearily into his hands. The first time he noticed anything was wrong was when the doors to the ward flew open and almost off their hinges. The black robed and hooded figures stepped inside and the staff flew into a panic. XXXXXXX Severus Snape had not had a good night, the Dark Lord was planning something and he had been unable to find out what. His curiosity had in fact been rewarded by his being pushed down a flight of stone steps and told to mind his own business. It was for this reason that he was sat in a St. Mungo's ward deeply displeased with the world while a young healer mended his broken wrist and held a compress against the large cut on his head; apparently she couldn't heal that until a more senior member of staff had confirmed the skull wasn't fractured. He normally avoided St Mungo's but Madame Pomfrey was away, visiting her niece and her husband and their newborn baby, so Severus had been left with no choice. He was jerked from his thoughts by the sounds of screams from the floor above. XXXXXXX Neville found himself watching in horror as one of figures in black pointed their wand at the nearest healer and muttered the killing curse, causing the man to fall, lifeless, to the ground. The other Death Eaters followed suite, a couple being stunned or cursed themselves by the ward's staff, one of whom managed to escape through the door and could be heard raising the alarm even as one of the Death Eaters chased after him. With the staff either involved in fights or lying dead or cursed upon the floor, the Death Eaters unoccupied by them moved their attention to the patients, all of whom were asleep and defenceless due to their late night and the sleeping draughts. A few moved amongst the patients, laughing at them and killing at random. Neville couldn't move, his shock had rooted him to his chair. His wand was at home, he had no way to defend his parents. He stood suddenly, seeing one of the figures walking lazily towards them, bypassing the other beds disinterestedly. "Longbottom," Neville's blood froze as the deep female voice triggered the memory of Bellatrix Lestrange. "Well it looks like I can finally finish what I started, doesn't it?" He wouldn't flinch, wouldn't give her the satisfaction, merely watched in horrified fascination as she raised her wand slowly and deliberately. His eyes snapped shut and he waited to hear the words no one should ever hear. Her cruel voice seemed to be near a laugh as she spoke. "Avada Kedavra." Something was wrong though; he was still conscious. He risked opening his eyes and looked in confusion as the woman raised her wand again and pointed it at his father's bed and he suddenly noticed that his mother's deep breathing had stopped. She repeated the curse and he saw it hit his father even as he ran towards her to stop her. She just laughed as he lunged at her, knocking her to the floor, and he found himself thrown across the ward with a flick of her wand. "Two down, one to go." He knew he should get up and run or try to distract her but something in him just wouldn't cooperate and he simply stared at her, unable to muster the ability to care anymore. Just as he was sure it was all over, more figures burst into the room claiming her attention. Aurors