A/N: This started out as a one-shot (yes, yes, I know you've heard this from me before!) and is going to be a short (for me) multi-chapter fic. Details at the end of this chapter. Chapter One ~Fingerpaint and Screaming Ovaries~ The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask. Jim Morrison The alarm on my watch bleeps. I glance down in disbelief. It can't be that late already! "Shit." I shove a final book on the shelf and trundle the cart up the aisle toward the circulation desk. "Shit, shit, shit." I'm supposed to be across town for a dress rehearsal in twenty minutes, and it's a thirty-minute trip under favorable conditions. The metal cart bangs against the wall with a resounding rattle as I shuttle it into place. The next person will just have to shelve the rest of the books. Ms. Golding turns to glare at me over the spectacles perched on her hawkish nose. "Ms. Swan, is there a problem?" "No." "Then why is the cart still half full, and better yet, why have you disturbed the peaceful hush of my library?" "There was nobody at the reference desk today, and I'm . . . late for my next job." Ms. Golding sighs. "Why do they allow moonlighting anyway? Very well. Perhaps you can get some work done tomorrow." She returns to her computer, dismissing me. Bitch needs to get laid. Childishly, I stick my tongue out at her ramrod straight back and yank my lanyard off. My phone vibrates as I rush down the hall behind the main office. Where R U? ~ Ang Running L8. Birdface giving me shit. Cover 4 me! ~ B KK ~ Ang I slide my phone into my back pocket as I round the doorway to the break room and collide with something solid moving just as fast in the opposite direction. "Ooph!" I land on my ass, gritting my teeth when the phone digs hard into my right butt cheek. "Bloody hell!" says the guy who just creamed me. "You all right?" Stunned, I take him in without answering: well-worn orange Chuck Taylors, long legs covered by loose khaki, bright-patterned geometric button-down, pale skin with a light smattering of scruff on his jaw, and a shock of ginger hair that looks like it needs its own team to tame it. His arms are suspended in the air, like a conductor. The horrified expression in his green eyes causes me to look down because they're focused on my chest. "What the fuck?" A palette sticks to my T-shirt—my white T-shirt! My mouth gapes, and I look up at the stranger in front of me. His pale face turns a deep shade of tomato, and he holds a hand out to me. "Shite, I'm . . . uh . . . sorry." He helps me up then leans over and grips the palette. It makes a sucking sound when he pulls it away, and I cover my eyes. "Fuckity, fuck, fuck." I moan. "How bad is it?" "Erm . . ." I look down. A rainbow of random paint blobs decorates my shirt. "No!" "Here . . ." Mr. Awkward reaches out and wipes at the paint. His long fingers graze my boobs, and my nipples stand at attention. I should have worn a bra today. "Dude, are you fucking finger painting my tits?" I slap his arm. He lets out a yelp and jumps back a few feet, staring down at his paint-swirled palm with horror. I can't help but laugh. This guy is awkward with a capital AWK. He's even kind of cute in a geeky sort of way. Then I remember I'm already late, and now I have to stop home for a new shirt. I ball my fists on my hips. "You should watch where you're going, you know? And what the hell are you doing in here with paint?" His expression turns from confused to incredulous, one brow shooting up. I grab my purse out of my cubby. "I'm late. You should just . . . just watch where the hell you're going!" "What are you, bipolar?" I lean in close and snarl, noting how far I have to crane my neck to look at his comical expression. "And if I am?" He steps aside and waves me through the door, his face reddening again. "I—uh . . . sorry. I'm, uh, Edward, by the way." He holds his hand out—the painted one. "And I'm leaving." I brush past him into the hall. As I leave, I hear him scolding himself. "Great work! Offer to shake with your painted hand, you bloody arse!" As I push through the door to the back lot, I giggle. I look at my watch, calculate how late I am and how long Angela can cover for me, and realize I have no choice but to go straight to the theater. All traces of my smile disappear. I hop into my 1966 Mustang Fastback, reveling in the low growl of the engine and the powerful vibration under my ass. The traffic moves nicely, and I make it to The Broadmore in just under twenty-seven minutes—a personal record. There's no parking for blocks, but on another pass by the theater, I see cones set out. Angela spots me and starts waving like a madwoman, grabbing the cones. That girl always has my back. The reason I come so far from campus to this theater for a crappy-paying job working stage crew is because I'm a coward. I'm majoring in business, none of that "frou-frou, artsy-fartsy shit" as my father likes to put it. I'm also too scared to try out for parts even though, deep down, I love everything theater. By the time I get out of the car and try to hug Angela, my mind is already in theater mode. What sets need to be prepped, whose costumes need mending, which actors need to be fed lines. "Whoa!" Angela backs away with her hands out. "What? Do I stink?" I sniff a pit. She laughs, shaking her head. "Nice shirt." I roll my eyes. "Don't ask." She grabs my arm and pulls me along behind her, chatting all the way. "Newton is on the warpath. I brought him a cappuccino and tried to smooth things over. Shut his pie hole for all of ten minutes. He's all up in arms about some new guy who's playing Zorro." Throughout her diatribe, we zip up the alley to the side entrance, which leads to the backstage area and dressing rooms. A lime green tandem bicycle with a yellow seat, yellow trim, and white daisies woven into the spokes brings me up short. "Whose bike? It looks like spring threw up on it." "Jessica and Lauren." "No!" "Believe it. Those two ride here together now. Gag me." "Jesus." She pulls me inside, away from that horrific bike. "Anyway, fucking Jessica is in a bitch-snit about her wig. I tried, but she claims you're the only peon worthy of fixing it for her. Seth split his pants—again. Skinny bastard, but what a beer gut! I sewed them good enough for tonight. Oh, and be glad you're late, because Paul was here. Told the good-for-nothing you were off tonight. Thank you, Angie!" We reach my locker, and I drop my bag on the floor and stare at her. "First, do you ever take a breath? And let me clear the wax from my ears—did you say Paul stopped by?" "Mm-hmm. He was looking repentant as hell, too. Those dark, puppy eyes and all scruffy . . ." I slap a hand over Ang's mouth. "No! Don't you do that! He's the devil incarnate. Remember that." "He was so charming, though." "The devil is charming—it's part of his allure. Every time Paul opens his mouth, he's lying." "Ripped as all get out, hot in the sack, protective . . ." I clench my traitor legs together then pull up the memory of finding Paul in bed with that skank, Leah, from his neighborhood, and my vajayjay withers like a dying rose. God, I want a cigarette. "Got a cancer stick, Ang?" "Plenty, but not for you." "Please . . . just one." Quitting sucks. "You made me promise not to." "I give permission for an exception." "You warned me you'd try that," Angela calls out as she flounces away. Sometimes, I hate me. ~*O*~ Two hours later, I've coaxed Jess's wig into shape, begged Ang for cigarettes three times, fixed some wardrobe malfunctions, and listened to Newton bitch like an old lady. I'd tell Mike he needs to get laid, except he'd be more than eager to oblige . . . as long as it was with me. Not happening. The dress rehearsal is a success, but it should be because we've been performing Phantom of the Opera over and over for months. We're about to start working on another play this weekend. New play means double the work—feeding lines, reassuring actors, working on new costumes and sets—but if I have to watch another performance of Phantom , I'll slit my throat. That white mask features in many of my dreams and not in a good way. I'm tired. I still have studying to do. But Michael Octavius Newton doesn't give a happy shit. Mike claps his hands together as he paces along the front of the stage. "Everyone, gather around!" It takes five minutes, but once the cast and crew assemble in a semicircle around Mike, he smiles. "I want to thank everyone for their hard work these past months. We've had record sales for Phantom , and I think our next play will bring in even better numbers. We'll be putting on a theatrical adaptation of The Mask of Zorro ." An immediate buzz of comments breaks out, drowning Mike's voice. He waits a few seconds before clapping his hands again. "Jessica will play Don Diego's sexy daughter, Elena, with Lauren as understudy. Emmett, you will play Don Diego, so we'll need Bella to work her magic and make you look older." Emmett's fist-pump dies in the air, his blue eyes wide. "Wait, wait . . . Don Diego is Zorro! He's young and hot, not old." A couple of snickers pepper the air. Poor Emmett. Mike smiles condescendingly. "Emmett, we're doing an adaptation of the movie. Alejandro Murrieta is the much older Don Diego's protégé and the new face of Zorro." "Aw, man." Emmett looks crestfallen. Mike continues announcing parts. A few of the actors question who will play the coveted role of Zorro. "Ah, funny you should ask!" Really, Mike? Mike stills, looking around the crowd like the drama hound that he is. "We have a new actor joining the cast. He was accepted to Juilliard but has put that on hold for the time being. We're lucky to have him join us as Zorro. I'd like to introduce you all to Anthony Masen!" Everyone starts talking at once. A mixture of intrigue and annoyance fills the air. It was a dick move to hand over a cherry part to a new actor without discussing it with the cast first. I drop my head in my hands. This day sucks. A collective gasp makes me look up. Swinging through the air is a man dressed in black from head to foot. He lands lithely on the stage, one hand on his hip, the other held out with a flourish as he bows to the crowd. Black hat, mask, button-down, trousers, and boots. Is that a black cape fluttering behind him? Jessica swoons. A few of the guys grumble. I roll my eyes, but I'm intrigued. A little. Anthony Masen detaches the Kirby wire and saunters over to shake hands with Mike before facing the rest of