"Winning Entry: Voter's Pick for the Darkella's Darkest Temptation contest" Title: I Want It Painted Black Summary: Izzy Black (Bella) is a bad girl with issues. Edward Cullen is the vampire that brings it all down in an inner battle between darkness and light. He'll go to great lengths to melt her frozen heart. WINNER DARKELLA'S DARKEST TEMPTATIONS M themes/LEMONS *WARNING*: Rated M for references to drug use, cutting, foul language and lots of LEMON. If you are underage or any of these things are triggers for you, please do not read this. Pairing: Bella/Edward Word Count: 16,960 Disclaimer: I own Darren, Matt, Ricky and Jack. Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight and all its characters—I like to play with them, and use them to get under your skin. Are we there yet? A/N: Huge thanks to my lovely beta Jess (jkane180) for her awesomeness. She helped me a great deal with her valuable suggestions, input and toughness on a certain issue I had. Hehe. I heart you! I have to profusely thank my pre-reader, Sandy, for going through this process with me from minute one—squealing her way through each installment I sent her to peruse. You are a treasure beyond compare. A shout-out to Athena, who was having a bad day, and provided me with the song lyrics that fueled the idea for the ending. *Please note that the first chapter was originally a one-shot, and is fast paced and devoid of the amount of detail I usually put into my stories. I'd much rather you judge this story based on Chapter two and beyond. For those who are staunch E/B fans (like myself) this IS definitely an E/B story. Trust me. PLAYLIST: Paint It Black ~ The Rolling Stones Ice ~ Sarah McLachlan Possession ~ Sarah McLachlan Down in a Hole ~ Alice in Chains Lightning Crashes ~ Live Pain ~ Three Days Grace " I Want It Painted Black" I look inside myself and see my heart is black I see my red door, I must have it painted black Maybe then I'll fade away and not have to face the facts It's not easy facin' up when your whole world is black ~The Rolling Stones e·man·ci·pate (ĭ-mān'sə-pāt') e·man·ci·pat·ed , e·man·ci·pat·ing , e·man·ci·pates To free from bondage, oppression, or restraint; liberate. Law To release (a child) from the control of parents or a guardian. /0\ "You're so hot, baby..." he yelped out as he pumped into me. Yeah, I know. "Are you close?" His hot, moist breath ghosted over my ear—which was much preferable to the wet slobber he painted my face with when he attempted to French kiss me. "I want you to come with me, baby." Not in this fucking lifetime. "I'm right there with you...mm-mm...don't hold back," I whispered seductively. Yeah, right. Another lame fuck...against another lame wall...in another lame alley. Boring. I rolled my eyes, waiting for him to finish. I whimpered a few times, and bit his neck hard—that was going to leave quite the mark...oops!–sending him over the edge (not a very high edge either). "YES, OH GOD! SHIT!" he screamed. I rolled my eyes again. When he was done shooting his load, he wanted to smooch—not happening. I let my legs down from around his waist, my stilettos clicking against the wet pavement, and pushed him away. "Down, boy." "What? Don't you want to...I mean..." he stuttered. "What? You want to cuddle ? We just fucked in an alley after meeting in a bar. It's not a warm and fuzzy kind of thing. Thanks for the sentiment though. See you around." I saluted him and started to saunter away. "Wait! Don't you even want to know my name?" He came off sounding like a lost little boy—more like his true age now—which was probably only about eighteen. "I already do." It's Loser. "Mike, right?" Found that out when I rifled through your wallet, ass-wipe. "Um, yeah. And you are?" "Leaving..." I waggled my fingers at him without turning around, leaving him in the dark alley alone. Port Angeles sucked. This was the night life available around here? A bunch of bars that served either minors sporting pathetically fake IDs or scruffy looking biker assholes that stunk of stale beer and week-old BO? God help me. I walked the streets for over an hour, not sure where I was going. My stilettos clicked along the sidewalks, my short, black skirt swishing against my thighs, my attitude saying fuck off. I found when I put off my unwelcome vibes most men had the common sense to leave me alone. Eventually, I found myself in a strange warehouse district that was dimly lit, and I realized I needed to get back to the lights of the city if I was going to get myself home. It was already close to 2am. "Hey, baby..." a leering voice called from the dark. I could hear the scuffle of several pairs of feet. "I'm not your baby, asshole." I kept on walking. A few more voices joined the first, creating a chorus of catcalls. "Ooooh!" "She's fresh." "Tough bitch!" Still, I kept up my pace, walking with confidence. Everyone knew that predators looked for someone who appeared to be an easy mark. Plus, I was packing heat. These fucks didn't want to mess with me. Slipping my hand into my bag, I wrapped my fingers around my little friend. "Hey!" he yelled out, and I could hear the sound of footsteps closer behind me. "Yo, bitch! I'm talkin' to you." Suddenly, I stopped short and swiveled slowly on my heels. I looked the lead asshole dead in the eye. "Perhaps you'd like to meet some good friends of mine?" I smirked, pulling my gun out of my bag. "Smith & Wesson?" A few of the guys gasped, but their leader just grinned at me cockily. "Is that a real gun, little girl? Do you even know how to use it?" he jeered, pressing in closer. I knew if I allowed him to get the upper hand I was as good as dead. CLICK! I removed the safety and cocked the gun. "Oh, yes. Would you like a demonstration, fuckwit?" Looking into his dark eyes, I knew he was coming for me; this guy was as stupid as the day was long. So I decided that a preemptive strike was in order. BANG! I shot him in the kneecap. He writhed on the ground in pain, screaming like a girl. Pussy. "Anyone else?" I asked, looking around at the other three. They all mumbled, shaking their heads and looking anywhere but at me. But one of them...he looked a little sly. I thought he might try to come at me, so I shot him in the kneecap, too. "What the fuck did you do that for?" His cries pierced the night. The youngest guy stood there, his mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water, and a large wet stain spread across the front of his pants. I wrinkled my nose, pointing the gun at his crotch. "Not very attractive." I shook my head, sadly. "Run along home, boys. If I ever see any of you again...I'm aiming for your little peckers. Got it?" The two who were able to ran—leaving their friends lying in an ever-widening pool of blood while they screamed. ~0~ When I got home from Port Angeles, I unlocked the door and cringed as it creaked loudly. Obviously, it was in need of an oiling. Since I would be living here alone, I would have to hire a handy-man to fix things up or figure out how to do things for myself. I fumbled in the dark for the light switch, finally finding it. I flicked it on and pain immediately assaulted me as Charlie's living room came into view—no, not Charlie's living room— my living room. Charlie was dead. Bella Swan was dead. My skank of a mother might as well be dead. The pain started rolling in like a freight train...images flying at me a hundred miles an hour...I fell to my knees just inside, managing to kick the door shut. My chest tightened, rendering me immobile—God, I just needed to get to my stash! Was it going to be like this every time? No...it must have been those stupid fucks that tried to attack me...bringing it all back. I was assaulted by memories, powerless to stop them from coming... Phil...my mom's pretty-boy husband...leering at me, giving me the eye, making innuendos. I was only sixteen, for fuck's sake! I begged my mom not to go on that business trip, but she insisted she had to. Phil tried to rape me, but I knew where he kept his Smith & Wesson. I reached into the nightstand, and I shot him right in the groin. He and my mother actually had me brought up on charges! When we were in the hearing and my mom was on the stand testifying, she said she didn't understand why her 'little girl' would do something like this. I stood up calmly and stated, "Because your husband tried to fuck me, Mom. You're a disgrace." The judge wanted to see me in chambers alone after my outburst. When we came out, sole custody of me had been awarded to Charlie, and I flipped my mother the finger as I left the courtroom. That was the last time I saw the stupid bitch or her sick fuck of a husband. When Charlie was killed by a husband that didn't want to stop abusing his wife only a few weeks later, I had to face the possibility of returning to my mother's custody. The judge had given me her card—telling me to call if I had any problems—so I did. Being that I was Charlie's sole beneficiary, I had more than enough money to sustain me for many years. Billy Black, my god father, was the custodian of my trust fund until I turned twenty one. I immediately filed for emancipation from my mother, and when it was granted, I legally changed my name from Isabella Marie Swan to Izzy Black. Everyone thought it was in honor of Billy, and I allowed them to think what they wanted. The real reason was because my life fucking sucked. Black was my favorite color; it was what my insides looked like, the color I dyed my hair, the color of my nail polish, my clothing, my car...my heart. "Oh, Charlie..." I sobbed, writhing around on the floor. The pain was debilitating. If I could just reach my stash...but no...it was too far away, hidden upstairs in my room. Grabbing at my purse, I rooted around until I found my pocket knife. I flipped it open and made a few careful cuts along my torso, where nobody would see them. Wait for it... YESSSS... I could feel some relief as the blood trickled down my side. My breathing slowed, and as the pain reached a bearable level, I was able to crawl up the stairs to my room. I opened my dresser drawer, pulling on it so hard the whole thing fell to the floor, spilling out socks and underwear. I grabbed the cigar box with my stash inside, hugging it to my chest. Opening the box, I wondered what would dull the pain tonight. I rifled through the little pills, the baggie of weed...and then my hand closed around it—the vile of white powder. No ! Had to save that for a really bad time. Decided, I rolled a joint and grabbed some vodka—taking a swig straight from the bottle. I sat on the floor with my back against the wall, smoking and drinking, until the pain was dampened to a dull roar. I needed to get it together. Tomorrow I started school at Forks High. Ugh. In the morning, things seemed a little better. I tipped back some liquid courage and smoked a few cigarettes while I tooled around