Disclaimer: I am not Stephenie Meyer. If I were, the series would have had sex, Rosalie wouldn't be a frigid bitch, Emmett would get more air time and there would be a hell of a lot more blood and gore! AN: So, here we go…a repost of my first vamp story. This one is set Post-Breaking Dawn. It is AU, but I am going to try to keep the characters IN character as much as possible. There will be LEMONS but not as many as my other stories, because, GASP! This one actually has a plot to it. Go figure…so without further adieu, I present to you, "You Wanted More". Emmett POV I felt her inner muscles clench around my cock, and I knew she wasn't far behind me as I let out a moan and roared, "Fuck, Rosie!" as I came. She grinned and kissed me before jumping off of me. She never let me be on top, said it would mess up her hair, and she had other things to do after we finished, she always did. I blew out a breath as she ran around the room at vampire speed to get re-dressed. "What's on the agenda for today?" I asked her lazily, propping my self up on my arms. I had noticed the sun peeking through the trees before we ever started. "I'm going to attack the dog's car. If he's going to start driving our Nessie around in that deathtrap, it will at least work properly." I blew out a breath. If Jake and Rosalie weren't arguing, then they clearly weren't in the same room together. Nessie had even started coming between them, chastising them both for their attitudes. I was glad too. I got sick and fucking tired of having to call my wife down. "Isn't it too early for him to be coming over?" I queried. I mean, I know the kid lived longer than most humans, but he had to sleep sometime! She nodded. "He'll be here in about an hour. That's why I wanted to finish so we could talk." Shit. Anytime a woman, vamp or not, wanted to 'talk' no good could come out of it. But I had learned one thing, never talk before you find out what she wants to talk about. Otherwise you end up copping to something she didn't realize you'd done and you spend a week in the proverbial dog house. "What's up, Rosie baby?" I asked her as I stood from our bed. Sure, we didn't really need a bed, whether we were having sex or not, but I liked the bed even if we had ended up doing it on every damned surface of our room…and most of the rest of the house. "That's just it, Em," she whispered as she sat back down, running a brush through her beautiful hair. "Baby." I looked at her. Confusion was bound to have been written on my face. Granted, most people thought I was nothing but a bit of dumb muscle, but she really had me stumped. "I'm confused." She snorted. "Aren't you always?" I sighed, slid into my pants and sat next to her. "Care to spell this out for me? You can even use Latin if you want, but I'm not getting what you're saying." "I want a baby, Emmett." Oh. Hell. I thought we'd discussed this. It had been almost a month since the non-fight with the Vulturi and ever since then, after meeting Nahuel and learning of his sisters, Rosalie had been talking with Carlisle about having me impregnate a human. Carlisle, being a doctor, kinda had that whole 'do no harm' thing standing in the way and had told her he didn't think it wise. Of course, she, having gone through law school twice, had pled her case accordingly and we were having a family meeting about it tonight. I sighed again. "I know you do, Rosie, but we've got to be smart about this. I mean, we don't even know how to go about it. I mean…what? Am I supposed to get off in a cup and hand it over to Carlisle for him to knock up some human girl? How is that fair to her? What if she dies?" "Well, of course she'll know all about what to expect, Emmett," she replied with a tone that suggested she were talking to a two year old. "And then she'll be more than welcome to join our coven or perhaps Tanya's or she could even go out on her own, be a nomad." I wasn't comfortable with the idea of us training another human for the vamp world and I'm fairly certain Jake and Sam, both alphas for their 'werewolf' packs wouldn't be thrilled with the idea either, but I just kissed her and said, "Come on, let's go downstairs, I think I hear Ness and Bella racing up from their cottage. We'll talk all about this tonight." The day passed on and as she promised, Rosalie dove under Jake's car, earning a growl of displeasure from him. "Look, Blondie, I know well enough what I'm doing with my car. I mean, it's not like I'm going to let my Nessie get hurt," he tried to tell her for the tenth time. "She is not your Nessie, you fucking pedophile," Rosalie snarled. "She is our Nessie and I know that you can't afford top-quality equipment for your car, so I'm just giving it the once-over if you don't mind." I didn't need Edward's gift to read Jacob's thoughts and I was between them in an instant. "Rose, that was uncalled for," I snapped at her. Jake looked at me in surprise, but I just shrugged. She had been more than a little vile to him and after all, it was because of him that Nessie was even still alive. Had he not imprinted on her, there would have been a war and more than likely a handful of us would have lost our lives, un-dead or not. "Fine, just take his fucking side!" Rosalie snapped at me. "Both of you, get the hell out of my garage!" I opened my mouth to speak, but instead, blew out the breath I didn't need and dropped my shoulders as I turned to walk back toward the house. "Hey, man, thanks," Jake said quietly once we were both outside. I shrugged again. "Well, it's true. We owe you Ness's life, whether Rose wants to admit it or not. So…just…ignore her. How else have I managed seventy three years with her?" He laughed and clapped me on the back. "You know, one gets used to being around leeches after a while and you're a pretty cool one." I grinned at that. "Well, besides the wet-dog smell, you're not too bad either." When evening came, Bella and Esme had laid out a feast for the wolves and Nessie, who Bella had started referring to as her "Halflings". The smells and the sense of fellowship somewhat reminded me of being back home in Tennessee. I don't know why that popped into my head, but it did. A sudden pang of homesickness struck me and Jasper said, "Hey, Em, you okay?" "Yeah, fine, just…I don't know. Melancholy I guess." He grinned. "I could tell. Want a pick me up?" I laughed as his gift hit me, making me feel nothing but laughter. "Damn, Jasper. You're better than uppers!" Edward snorted. "Like you would know what an upper was like." "This from the man that compared his girlfriend to heroin," I retorted. If he would have been human, he would have blushed. "That is utterly beside the point," he shot back at me. "Ooh…scary. I'm shakin' in my boots," I sent his way. "Enough boys," Bella said as she walked in. "Go outside and round up the Halflings so they can eat before our meeting." Jasper, Edward and I all stepped outside. I found Nessie, who was playing hide and seek with the wolves, minus Leah, of course, who had her bad attitude on and was sunning in the brief bit of light that was filtering through the trees. The she-wolf could go against Rosalie for the "Bitch of the Year" award and perhaps win. "Ness, time to eat," I told my niece. She shot me a grin and I shook my head. "Sorry, kiddo. People food first, then we'll go hunting." "Uncle Em?" she asked as she climbed up to settle on my shoulders. "Yeah, kiddo?" I inquired as I tickled her bare feet. She laughed. "When can I go hunt bears with you?" "My little carnivore." I beamed with pride. She disliked the flavor of the somewhat tame animals such as the deer and rabbits that ran abundant on our land, preferring the lion or bear blood we had brought back for her, though her favorite was still the human blood Grandpa Carlisle snuck her from the hospital. It was fine when she was an infant, but Bella and Edward were adamant about her staying 'vegetarian' so she wouldn't become bloodthirsty around her human relatives and friends. "You'll have to wait to get a bit bigger first." "But why?" she pouted. I pulled her down, now attacking her sides, causing her giggles to bounce off the surrounding trees. "Because. If you got hurt, your mom would rip my head off. Then there would be no more Uncle Em." "But I'm half vampire," she insisted. "I can't get hurt." I shook my head. "You can get hurt Nessie. You're half human which means you're like Jake. You bleed, little miss. You can get hurt badly, Ness. You could die if we're not careful. Remember when we told you the story of the newborns and how badly Jake got hurt? Well, you're still tiny enough that it might kill you. Once you're grown up though, then you'll be able to go hunting with me." "But Nahuel…" she insisted. "Nahuel is a hundred and fifty years old. Ness. He's been able to take care of himself for a long time. One day you'll be as big as him and you'll be able to run with us when we chase after bears and with your daddy when he hunts mountain lions. Hey, when you get big enough, I'll take you to Africa and we'll all hunt real lions together. How does that sound?" "You promise?" she asked softly with a slight sniffle. It still amazed us that she had the ability to cry like a human and her salty tears were a common occurrence since she figured out if she cried she got her way. I ruffled her bronze curls. "I promise," I vowed as I held out my pinky finger. She held hers out too and we linked them together, shaking them. "Go on, go clean up and work your way through the human food. I think they made meatloaf." "Oh! My favorite!" she squealed, running off to the house. "You would make a good father," Edward commented. "Don't sound so surprised," I said with a slight snarl. Damn, what was wrong with me? I had been feeling irritable as a damned hibernating grizzly for weeks now. Maybe Rosie and I needed to get away from everyone a bit, maybe then people would actually realize I do contribute more than just the fucking comic relief around the place. "I know sometimes I don't really see you for who and what you actually are," Edward told me softly, answering my thoughts. "Sometimes I feel like it was a mistake to take you away from that, from what you could have been. We probably could have saved your human life. But Rosalie seemed so hell-bent on making you one of us." I grinned. "And you know Rosie. She always gets her way." Edward laughed. "Yes, unfortunately, she does." "You're against this, tonight, aren't you?" I asked him. He nodded hesitantly. "I understand her reasoning, having the ability to see into her