A few things: - Obviously if you haven't read part one to this story you probably should or else you may be a bit confused. - I know that there is a lot from part one that needs to be resolved and it will be - promise. - As always, enjoy and feel free to tell me what you love or hate about it but please do so nicely. The bell on the door chimed loudly, alerting the older man that someone had entered his shop. He moved quickly from the back storage room and down the middle aisle. It had been less than a quarter of an hour since he had opened for the day. He was surprised that he had a customer so soon. Weekdays were usually less busy in the morning. His first customer normally trickled in around ten. He slowed to a stop as he carefully eyed the man standing next to the bird feed. He was dressed in black slacks and a black shirt. His hair was the color of coal. The strangest part of his appearance though was the long black coat that he wore - it nearly touched the floor. "In need of bird feed?" He questioned hoping that the man hadn't come to make trouble. Snape's eyes took the muggle in as he shook his head. "Not at the moment. I am actually hoping for assistance in purchasing a dog." Snape felt the overwhelming urge to cast a silencing spell on himself and exit the store at once. He was absolutely sure that allowing Harry to have a pet dog would only result in a headache. Still, he had given Harry goals to meet for obtaining his pet and the child had risen to the occasion. His grades at the end of the school term had been impeccable and since the Sirius Black debacle he had managed to keep himself out of major trouble. There had been one instance in which he had acted out in class that had resulted in a smarting bottom, but aside from that the child had really been exceptionally well behaved. He also had not pestered his guardian for a dog which the man was forever grateful for. Even with the passing of his fourteenth birthday he had not mentioned it. Snape had gifted him a very expensive set of books on Defensive spells. Of course Harry had thanked him a dozen times but Snape could see the disappointment in the boy's eyes. Clearly he had been hoping for something else. Snape had already had the idea to purchase the animal while Harry was vising the Burrow. With the child scheduled to come home the following evening it would make the perfect surprise. Snape only hoped that he would have luck finding the perfect canine. "We just got a litter of puppies in," the man replied with a hint of affection in his eyes. "Real cute – pure bred bulldogs." The man looked Snape over once more. "What line of work are you?" For a fleeting moment Snape regretted not dressing in muggle attire. Before he had left the house he had debated using a quick spell that would change his normal clothing into something more suitable in the muggle world. He quickly pushed the thought from his mind. The man before him was wearing a pair of old jeans that had a rip forming in the knee – Snape nearly crinkled his nose at the sight. "I am a professor at a boarding school," Snape replied. "It is due to my profession that I do not think a puppy is the best option. The animal will be a gift for my son and we do not have the time to train it. I was hoping for something a bit older." "I assume that your wife and son will care for the dog while you are teaching?" Snape would have liked to tell the man to mind his own bloody business but he refrained from doing so. "I am not married and my son attends the school at which I teach, however my maid has agreed to care for the animal." He supposed that Minka was the muggle equivalent of a maid though he did not enjoy referring to her as such. The man nodded in approval. "I only have one dog that is a bit older, goes by the name of Bane. He's a mixed breed and eight years old, well past the puppy stage. He should have been shipped out ages ago, right after he didn't sell as a puppy, but I took a liking to him; kept him around." "Good with children I presume?" Snape questioned. "Excellent with children," the man replied. "He's really well- mannered, smart too, though he can be a bit mischievous from at times." Snape smirked at these words. He knew a boy that could fit that exact description. "Might I have the opportunity to meet the canine?" The man turned, waving his hand to motion for Snape to follow him. He walked back down the aisle and at the end turned to the right. Snape followed him, halting to a stop as he saw the black dog staring up at him, his tail wagging widely. "Like I said he's well trained and friendly as hell to boot." Snape approached the small fence that surrounded the animal and once close enough reached a hand over. The dog sniffed his hand and then instantly licked it. "Friendly as hell," the man repeated once more. Snape gently scratched the animal behind his right ear causing the dog's tail to wag even harder. "He seems like a fine match," he finally decided. The man smiled widely. "I suppose you'll need food for him?" "Indeed," Snape replied as he stood straight once more. "As well as a bed and a few toys I suppose." The man nodded clearly excited about his sale as he turned and rushed back down the aisle. Snape smiled softly down at the dog. "You are going to make a certain fourteen year old quite happy." "What on earth were the two of you thinking," she shrieked loudly. Before either of them could reply she continued on. "I would have thought that you learned your lesson already when it came to this but clearly I was wrong!" "No mum we did," he replied in a nervous voice. He glanced at his best friend who quickly nodded in agreement. Harry could feel his stomach churning at the situation that they were in. They really hadn't meant to end up hovering over the house in Mr. Weasley's flying car. Ron had only wanted to show him that his dad had gotten the muggle radio in it working. Apparently he had hit the wrong button though. Harry had contemplated jumping from the car as it quickly soared into the sky. He still wasn't sure that doing so wouldn't have been favorable over the predicament he was in now. He had seen Mrs. Weasley angry plenty of times but it was very unusual for her anger to be directed at him. "You obviously didn't Ronald or you wouldn't have been so much as five feet near that blasted car!" "I only wanted to show Harry that the radio is working now," Ron replied trying desperately to explain. Harry felt Ron's weight shift next to him. He silently hoped that she would let it go. That she would somehow morph into a different version of herself, one that was much more lenient with misbehaving children. "I don't care what you were trying to show him. You were told multiple times to stay out of it! If Percy hadn't seen you go past his window you would still be out there hovering, that is if you didn't crash!" "We're really sorry," Harry offered speaking up for the first time since they had been ushered into the kitchen. Ron quickly nodded in agreement. "Really, really sorry." Harry's two front teeth bit down on his bottom lip as he prayed that Mrs. Weasley would have pity on them. He had managed to stay out of trouble for ages now. He didn't want his streak to end like this. "Harry were you aware that you weren't supposed to be near the car?" He could easily lie. No one had been outside with them when Ron had confessed to him that technically he wasn't allowed anywhere near the magical vehicle let alone in it. The lesson had been pounded into his brain – and his bum – months ago though, lying wasn't the answer. "Yeah," he nodded. "Ron told me." He could feel his best mate's eyes boring into him but he didn't care. Even if he had likely sealed their fate it still wouldn't be as bad as being caught in a lie. "To your room," she said to her son. "The both of you." Harry let out a small sigh of relief. He would stay in Ron's room until he went home if it meant that Snape would never find out what they had done. "I'll be up shortly," she continued. "Harry pack your things, you'll be going home." Harry felt his stomach flip at the words. A feeling of dread that he hadn't felt in weeks filled his body. "But mum," Ron tried. "You are in enough trouble as it is Ronald!" She cut him off in a stern tone. "Wait until your father gets home from work and hears of this stunt." Ron's face instantly turned as red as his hair. Harry didn't have a doubt that his best mate was going to suffer the same fate that he would. The two boys scurried out of the room and up the winding staircase. "Awe did little Ronnie get himself into trouble?" Fred teased as they stepped onto the second floor. "Flying daddy's car again?" George questioned in a mock parental tone. He made a disapproving tsk-tsk sound. "Shut it the both of you," Ron replied. His face turned red with embarrassment as he pushed by the twins and stormed down the hall to his room. "Tough break that you have to go home Harry," George said in a voice that sounded sincerely disappointed. "Tough break that he has to face Snape," Fred added. Harry felt his ears burn at the words and he prayed that the twins didn't notice. He turned his head in the direction of Ron's bedroom as he heard the door shut. "I uh- have to go pack." "Good luck Harry," Fred said in a sad tone. Harry pushed the bedroom door open to find Ron sitting on the edge of his bed. The moment his best mate spotted him the red head jumped to his feet. "Harry I'm sorry," he said in a sincere voice. "I should never have suggested it. It was a dumb idea." "It's okay," Harry replied as he picked up his satchel from its spot on Ron's desk chair. He picked up his Quidditch magazine from on top of the desk and quickly pushed it inside. "I knew that we weren't supposed to. I could have said no." "I can't believe that you told my mum that you knew," Ron remarked as he handed Harry a stray sock that had somehow wound up on his nightstand. "You could have lied. She never would have known." Harry shrugged. He honestly couldn't believe that he had told her either. "Snape hates when I lie," he muttered as he shoved the last of his things into the satchel. He picked up his wand and pushed it into the back pocket of his jeans. He knew that his reasoning sounded stupid at best. There was no way that Snape would have ever learned the truth. "How would he know?" Harry shrugged once more. He didn't know how to explain that it didn't matter if Snape knew that he had lied, Harry would know that he had – that was enough. "Is he