A/N: Hello, everyone. This is the sequel of Outlanders. As I said, the one major change is that Cato's perspective will be appearing, as is seen below. The story picks up a few days after the last chapter of Outlanders. I hope you enjoy. Cato: The list of interview questions lands in the middle of my breakfast, right on the poached eggs. I hurry to pull it out, but by the time I get it clear of the food, one edge of it is already soaked in yolk. The yellow goo drips onto the carpet at Brutus's feet, and as I try to mop it up, he gives me a look that says quite plainly "You are the biggest failure known to man." "Read those," he orders. "Figure out what you're going to say." "Interviews aren't until tomorrow." "You could use the extra time. I don't want you embarrassing District Two any further. And Cato, leave the carpet alone. Cleaning is a job for an Avox." Or a mutant . Brutus walks out, banging the door shut behind him and leaving those three words unsaid. Figures. The guy has it in him to be the world's biggest asshole and he still can't say what he means. I know he's thinking it, though. The look on his ugly face tells it all. I give up on the mess. It's not coming out of the carpet or the list, and really, how is this my problem? I'm a victor now. I have money to burn. More food than I could ever eat. All the time in the world. Being a victor means that you live the easy life. But I've been a victor for a week now, and so far, I don't think there's anything easy about it. I glance at the first question on the list. How did you get here? Here being the victor's throne, of course. It's a pretty standard closing interview question; it gives the new victor room to talk about strategy, or start madly thanking their sponsors, or yap about whatever it is they think saved their life. Most District Two victors use this question to brag about their fighting prowess or relive their kills. Me, I'm not sure I even know where to begin. How did you get here? Good question . Wish I knew. It's been a week since they pulled us out of the arena, and I haven't seen hide nor hair of the other victors. I don't even know if they're still alive. Well, that's not true. I'm pretty sure that Lief from Seven and Katniss from Twelve are alive. Neither of them was hurt when they pulled us up into the hovercraft. Lover Boy, on the other hand, looked wrecked. His leg was practically chewed off at the knee, and he was bleeding all over the place. And then there's Spirit. She was the biggest mess out of all of us. I carried her into the hovercraft myself, and even in that short time, I still managed to get covered in blood. I had no idea somebody as small as Spirit could have that much blood in her. As soon as we got into the hovercraft, they took her away. She could be dead by now, shipped back to District Seven and already buried in the ground. Gone. Brutus won't tell me anything. I can't decide whether that's because it's bad news or because he just enjoys messing with my head. But today is the ceremony, where they show the finished Games tape, and all the victors will be there. If Spirit's alive, I'll know for sure today. My prep team comes up, along with my stylist, Dido. Dido is holding a black suit in a plastic bag and grinning fit to burst. At the sight of me, my prep team goes berserk, hugging me and kissing my cheeks and basically invading my personal space. Brutus, who's come in behind them, rolls his eyes. "After your interview prep, I've arranged a meeting with Lief Holbrook," he says. Great. Lief. The guy's a parasite. But I guess if it comes down to talking to him or either of the people from District Twelve, I'd definitely rather talk to him. And he's Spirit's district partner. He probably knows something about her. As long as Brutus is here, I might as well have a shot at the question again. "Is Spirit all right?" Brutus won't look at me. "I'm not authorized to tell you that." I'm about two seconds from trying to beat the answer out of him, but my shoulder still has stitches in it and Brutus is even bigger than I am. I'd end up with a busted jaw and no answer besides. I look away from him and let the prep team get to work. The prep team has a field day with all the new scars I have. General protocol is to do a full body polish on new victors, but in District Two, scars are considered very important to a victor's image and Brutus wouldn't let them do it. People in District Two just don't trust unscarred victors. Scars mean you've been tested and you've proved yourself worthy. You can't put a price on that kind of respect. Dido passes me the shirt and jacket - I'm already wearing the pants - and I put them on. I can tell something's off right away; the shirt is enormous. It hangs on me like a tent, better fitting for someone roughly the size and shape of a tank. "Dido, did you give me Brutus's suit by accident?" Dido frowns, or tries to. She's had so much surgery on her face to make her look young that she can't really move her eyebrows any more. "No," she says. "I tailored this especially for you." "Then why doesn't it fit?" I'm starting to get jumpy. This whole thing is weird. I'm a victor now. The world is my oyster. Shouldn't I at least be able to fit into my damn suit? Suddenly, Dido's face clears. "I know what the problem is; I tailored this for you before you went into the arena. No wonder it's a little big! We'll just take the seams in and -" I tune her out. What the hell was Dido doing? You don't make your victor's interview costume before they go into the Games. I mean, first of all, you don't know if they're actually going to, you know, survive , and second, everybody loses weight in the arena. How is something that was made for you before you spent three weeks in hell supposed to fit you after you come out the other side? Dido takes the seams in as far as she can, but the suit still hangs on me. I look like I'm playing dress-up in Brutus's clothes. The prep team yaps on and on about the Games. Mostly about me; they compliment my kills and my strategy and all that crap. It crosses my mind to pump them for information about Spirit, but what would they know? I see the Games sort of like an enormous maze, and the prep team is only on the outer edge of it. They don't know the half of what's going on inside. By the time they finally leave, I only have an hour left before I'm supposed to go onstage for the closing ceremonies. Lief isn't here yet, and rather than going back to the list of interview questions or staring at the wall, I turn on the TV. It's Games coverage 24/7, doctors and commentators and psychologists going over the actions of every single tribute with a microscope. Back home in District Two, the Games and everything related to them are required viewing for the trainees in the battle school, but even the kids who won't ever volunteer are probably watching, too. It's every kid's dream to become a victor, even the kids whose parents are too poor to send them to battle school. Unless you demonstrate serious skills and get in on scholarship, it costs a lot of money to send a kid, and most kids end up as stonecutters. Even the ones who get into battle school sometimes drop out. It's not for everybody. They show a lot of fan-made videos. One guy recorded the footage off his TV and then spliced it, making this video solely devoted to the weird faces I made during the Games. He managed to find three minutes worth of strange facial expressions, and the director of communications feels the need to play the stupid video every fifteen minutes. I don't think it's that funny, but every time Brutus sees it, he has to leave the room. Then there are the official broadcasts. The Gamemakers feel obligated to show coverage of all the victors, but one of us is completely dominating the airwaves. It's not me. And it's not the happy couple from District Twelve, either. It's Spirit. In the past few days, I've probably seen the one shot a thousand times from just as many angles; Spirit kissing me, then whipping around to take out a mutt's throat with her clawed right hand. Nobody in the Capitol can seem to decide what to think of her. Brutus bangs open the door again. "Turn that idiot box off. Lief Holbrook is here." I glare at Brutus, pick up the remote, and turn up the volume, just to show him exactly what I think of him. Brutus shakes his head and moves aside, allowing Lief to edge past him into the room. Lief looks normal. Not starving, not nervous, not stunned, none of the emotions you usually see on victors. He's completely untouched, like these last few weeks haven't happened for him. Then again, they probably haven't. The coward spent practically the whole Games hiding behind Spirit, letting her take the hits while he reaped the reward. My hands curl into fists. Lief is almost the same height as I am, but he's thinner; I could break him easily. But Brutus is still here, just waiting for me to screw up, and plus, I probably shouldn't punch another victor. I stare at Brutus. "Are you leaving or what?" Brutus smirks at me. "Of course. Be in the lobby in half an hour. Do not be late." He leaves, and then it's just me and Lief and the TV, blaring yet another story about Spirit's mutation obnoxiously loud. Lief is the first to speak. "Jeez, Cato, you're in a bad mood." "You'd be, too, if you were stuck down here with Brutus." Just the thought of my mentor makes we want to hit something. "It's worse on my floor," Lief says. "Blight - that's my mentor - is always lurking around, stoned out of his mind, and the prep teams never shut up…Johanna's a good laugh, though. On the rare occasions when she actually talks to me." "Johanna? She's still here?" Mentors go home when their tributes die. If Johanna's still here, that's a good sign. "Well, yeah," Lief says. "Why wouldn't she be?" The expression on my face must give it away, because Lief's mouth drops wide open. "You mean they didn't tell you? Spirit's alive. She's going to be fine!" All the air comes rushing out of my lungs in a sigh of relief. She's okay. Brutus was just being an asshole, as usual. He wasn't trying to tell me she was dead. Spirit's going to be okay. She's alive and I'm going to see her soon. Suddenly, panic clutches at me. What the hell am I going to say to her? "How's she doing?" I ask, because Lief is looking at me and smirking. I have the weird feeling that he knows what's going through my head and he thinks it's funny as hell. "She's okay," Lief says, shrugging. "Starved, practically bled out on the operating table, but she's okay. The mutts crushed her hip and the doctors