Marvel/Katniss... odd, right? But with all the Kato fics spouting up everywhere, I decided that Marvel needs a little love. I got my perception of him from the tribute guide's claim that he's not the sharpest tool in the shed, and a little of it from Jack Quaid's portrayal of him in the movie- which consisted of a lot of smirks and odd facial expressions- so his personality may be a bit... different, but I hope you guys like it. Disclaimer: Everything belongs to Suzanne Collins. "I look hot, right Breeze?" Absurdly big green eyes look at me with a frightening solemnness, and I find my grin growing wider under my little sister's spotlight stare. I continue standing there, arms stretched out expectantly, until Brianna purses her lips and shakes her head. "You look absolutely ridiculous," she says, her tone of voice settling somewhere between teasing and dead serious. I reach over and muss up her hair, and Brianna's jaw clenches as she leans away, complaining, "I spent all morning on that! What if I get picked! Now-" "Oh, quit shitting bricks," I say, moving away from her to look at myself in the mirror. I do look ridiculous, courtesy of my mother and her gaudy fashion choices, but it is traditional for District One's finest to wear crazily expensive clothing on Reaping day. "You won't get picked, for one, and for another, no one will really give a shit about your hair if you do. They'll be too pissed off that a scrawny little twelve-year old is going to go into the Games that-" I have to stop to dodge the hairbrush that's chucked at my head. It sails an inch in front of my face and crashes into my mirror, shattering most of the thin glass. Brianna doesn't blink, instead smirking at me and stomping off to the bathroom, no doubt to redo her hair. I mutter a low curse, but ignore the damage. Mom will be pissed, but I've never been too fond of the mirror anyway. It pretty much acts as a clothes rack given that I have not yet developed a sense of self-love quite as impressive as my father's, and therefore can serve its primary purpose just as well with the shattered glass as it could have without it. Somewhere, an alarm starts screeching. That would be Brianna's. She's always been anal about making sure she's on time for things. We have to go. I sneak another quick glance at myself in the mirror, shaking my head. I'd rather be in my terribly gray Academy uniform than the uncomfortable ivory pants, ridiculously confining suit jacket in matching color, and bright blue shirt that will no doubt make countless viewers scattered throughout Panem question my sexuality, but I also have a feeling that my mother would tear my heart out if I decided to switch outfits, and therefore I resign myself to the prospect of public humiliation. "Marvel! It's time to go !" Brianna calls. Rushing away from my nightmarishly bright reflection, I run a nervous hand through my hair and sigh. I've been trained for this. Nothing to worry about. Still, I don't want to go to the Games. Living outside, dealing with bugs, going without food? District One's got more pride than it knows what to do with, my family is about as rich as we can get without being Capitol, and anyone who's seen me chuck a spear will vouch for my own personal masculinity – although that may not last long after they've seen my suit- so I have nothing to prove. No reason to fight. Two years left, and I cannot wait until they're long behind me. I've never been a fan of uncomfortable things. "Marv-" I step out into our foyer before she can finish her impatient shout. Brianna gives me a nasty glare. She's got her hair up and perfectly styled again in an impressively short amount of time. Light makeup makes her big green eyes look even bigger. I really hope she doesn't get picked. She's too pretty to die. "Don't worry, I'm right here. We won't be late." Brianna nods. Then, without looking at me, she reaches over and weaves her small, twelve-year-old fingers through my own. I try to walk forward, but she doesn't move. When I stop to look at her, there's an awkward moment of silence. "I don't want to go," she whispers finally. "I don't-" I reach over with my free hand and pinch her lips shut. No one in District 1 talks like that. Especially not any Metzgers. "Breeze, shh. We don't say things like that, alright?" She nods gravely, and I can feel her take a deep, shaking breath. She's so naturally small that her weakness makes her look like a little bird, like the ones I used to throw rocks at when I was younger. They'd fall slowly to the ground, tiny and fragile, and I would step on them if they were still alive. A big, heavy boot is now very close to Brianna's head. A stroke of dreadful luck, and it'll come down completely. Together, quietly, we make our way out the front door and down the neatly paved streets to District One's town square. Our steps are slow, and with every little bit of progress we make, Brianna's hand tightens around my own. "You should get away from me," I warn her as we approach the line of tributes that are still waiting to check in. "All your friends will laugh if they see us together. I look like an idiot." "That's because you're rich. Around here, I think people expect money to rot your brain," Brianna smirks. She's fine again, her second of worry already wiped from her mind, and, more importantly, erased from her features. I laugh loudly to encourage her a little, to show her that she has nothing to be scared of. We reach the check-in tables soon after. Brianna gets pricked with a needle and her blood is stored on one of their databases. I follow. Then we're separated. I watch a Peacekeeper drag her off, but she's like our parents more than I care to admit- too proud to share any lasting glances with me. Any and all signs of fear have been wiped clean from her face. It takes a little effort, but I tear my eyes from my little sister and amble on over to the seventeen-year-old section. Like always, I make it a point to get as close to the stage as possible. Reverse psychology. If I'm there and looking ready to go, not trying to hide, then I won't get picked. It's worked the last five years. I trust it to hold up through six. "Volunteering this year, Marv?" a guy from the Academy asks. I smile at him. He's bigger and stronger than me, and I can't help but think that he should be the one volunteering. "Nah," I say. I don't know his name. "Too much work for too little reward, you know? I'm already living it up here. Why risk everything when you can't get anything more out of it?" He looks at me strangely, then laughs like I'm ridiculous and goes back to his friends. I contemplate sticking my tongue out at his back, but I'm about ninety percent sure that my mother is watching me from somewhere out in the crowd. In layman's terms, she doesn't like immature behavior, and if she doesn't like something, she gets rid of it. I'm not in the mood to be disposed of, so my tongue stays in my mouth. Within a few minutes, the mayor steps forward and begins reciting the Treaty of Treason in a low monotone that would work very nicely as a prescription sedative. My gut's a bundle of jumpy nerves, yet I find my eyes drooping as his low voice warbles its way out of the speakers. Then he's done and Tilly Winters picks her way across the stage in heels that are probably as long as my forearms. Her balance is impressive, and she's so generally bright- quite like myself, actually- that any trace of sleepiness is replaced by the disorienting feeling that I've spent too much time looking straight at the sun. "Welcome, welcome!" she chirps. Her voice rings with money- a high trill that tinkles with luxury and flows easily up and down in the slow, controlled tones of someone who has all the time in the world to say things that everyone has to listen to, but no one really cares about. My mother speaks in the exact same way. "I hope that you are all excited for the Seventy-Fourth Hunger Games," she continues. Her green wig bobs up and down in the wind as she tells us all how happy she is to be in District One. Then her little introduction is finished, and she kicks off with her usual call of, "Ladies first!" She balances her way to the girl's ball and reaches for a slip of paper. The District goes silent. Tilly smiles and unfolds the small slip. "Glimmer Kirsch." Ah, how fitting, that the most dangerous girl I have had the pleasure to meet has been tossed into a place where stabbing people in the back is commonplace. There is no hesitation or pause before Glimmer strides onto the stage from her place in the crowd, looking like a walking sex-goddess as she does so. Her hair is like spun gold, hanging in bouncing curls around deceptively angelic features, and her emerald eyes survey the crowd with a challenging look, daring someone to just try to take her place. I think she's slept with half the guys at the Academy. She's killed several other girls over insults and boyfriends. Strangely enough, that only adds to her appeal. From her tiny white dress to her dangerous red heels, I find myself quite taken with this girl who shines like an angel but has a soul so small that even God would need a microscope to find it. She looks all the more attractive- quite perfect for the Games, really- because she's not Brianna. One year down for my little sister. Now I just have to get through, and we'll be good until the next. Tilly coos over Glimmer with a huge smile on her face- probably because her body is going to be the talk of the Games- before realizing that there's still another tribute to pick. After having Glimmer spin once for the cameras, Tilly heads off towards the guy's ball. I scratch at my neck a little. It's cool, and my suit is pretty light, but I still feel hot and uncomfortable. Tilly teeters as she walks, but catches herself so imperceptibly that no one would have seen the tiny wobble of her humorously high heel unless they were watching for it. With a wide smile, she stops in front of the ball and sinks her arm into it, grasping several slips of paper tauntingly before hanging on to one unfortunate bastard's name. My eyes don't leave that piece of paper as Tilly opens it and slowly runs her eyes over the name. "Marvel Metzger." Holy hell. "Well, shit, it looks like you don't have to volunteer after all," says the guy who asked me about it earlier. I ignore him and tilt my head at Tilly in confusion. "Did she just say my name?" I ask out loud. Several people laugh. I blink. Me? I'm the unfortunate bastard? I see my face on the big screen that overlooks the square, my smile still in place, but my eyes have tightened a little like I have no idea what's going on. A few more seconds pass, and finally, it sinks in. Tilly Winters just called my name. I'm going to the Hunger Games. That's so… inconvenient. I run a hand through my hair and let out a low sigh. At least