synopsis In which a reincarnated cheeky teenager messes up the canon plot. disclaimer Twilight and all the all the recognizable characters in it belongs to Stephanie Meyer. I own nothing but my OC and the plot. This story will be a re-write of Twilight saga with my OC who would have the complete knowledge of the Twilight books and the events that are bound to unfold in future. Although Amber will be from another dimension, she'll be reborn as Bella Swan's younger sister. I didn't want her to completely replace Bella as that would be too common and from this way, the story will be more interesting. Edward won't be able to read both, Bella and Amber's mind. Similar canon, Bella would be Edward's singer. Amber would differ from Bella in regards of both personality and look. Though Edward will be attracted to Bella first - like in book, for some obvious reasons we all know cough*her blood*cough, he would later be interested in Amber - who would be a mystery to him, but in a different way than Bella. Whereas Bella's blocked mind and addictive smelling blood lured him him, there would be much many things in Amber that'll intrigue him. Amber will change majority of the canon plot. She'll definitely bring sunshine and sense into the characters in the gloomy town of Forks and be of help to others. To clarify, Charlie and Renee divorced when Amber was five and Bella was six, something different from the original plot. Hope you like this story. Him? He is all shades of black and white and grey. To complete him, Bella, you don't give him your soul, you try to give him colors. preface x Have you ever wished to be a part of any fictional world? Or ever desired to relive the moments of the very same fiction whilst getting involved with the main characters? The ridiculousness of these questions is blatant. Of course you have. It comes as a part of being a reader, a fan, devoted follower. To clarify, even though I am a book worm at heart, I neither wished nor desired to be a part of any fictional world from any books, especially not Twilight. Oh yes, you read it right. Being stuck into Harry Potter would have been much better, that would've been a privilege, even as a mere muggle. But Twilight? I mean, what was the purpose of being shoved into this fictional world? But at least one positive thing came out of this reincarnation mess, a family. Not only was I finally bestowed with a family to call my own, but along with them, I got so much more that I ever bargained and was prepared for. Call it the possible gods above blessing you with extreme luck, or just... whatever that floats your boat. Ellis had been an orphan from the birth. Her entire childhood was spent in an orphanage that was well off than many. Her younger years were mostly spent in bitterness. Bitterness over the fact that she was unbeknownst about her parents. She didn't know anything about them, not even the fact if they were still alive or not. If they were, then why would they abandon her in the first place? Did they not want her? Ellis couldn't recall being mentally degraded, or physically disable or disfigured, so why would they choose to toss her aside? Was it because of any personal reasons? Turns out, pondering over those thoughts unknowingly turned her childhood into grey, and morphed her into a wistful girl. As far as her memory served, because of the very reason Ellis had been a loner. She ignored other children, and they returned the favour. Even in the school, she wasn't bullied or anything, just simply ignored. She guessed that's what made her an outcast. But, could she be blamed? No. Loneliness took all the blame because that's what it did - it brought out the worst and dark in her. Being a pessimist, Ellis knew that her death was going to be lonely and cold and inevitable. With so much regret and sadness concealed within her. Also with the crushed hopes of a better and fulfilling life. But she had not anticipated her death that soon. It was shocking for her to die in one place, and seconds after that, be reborn into another. But not as baffling as finding out about her new family. Her new, totally abnormal family. And, no, she wasn't born into the species of animals - as laughable as that would've been. But a family from a whole different dimension and a whole new time. "Helen?" "We are not naming our daughter after your mother." "But we did the same for Bella. We named her after your mother." Uncomfortable in her new body, Ellis tried to pry her eyes open, but to no avail, it turned out painful than she expected. She settled with a whimper - which her possible mother took as other reaction. "That was different, she took it as he middle name. Even our baby doesn't agree." "Then you decide," came an equally frustrated, yet amused response from the man who was her presumed father. "How about something like," her mother began gleefully. "Like, Amber... or Amberine!" "That's actually a good one," Ellis - now officially named Amberine - could hear the satisfaction in her new father's tone. "What about the middle name?" "Helen," her mother giggled. "Amberine Helen Swan." Something tugged at the corner of her mind, but she ignored the itchy feeling, probably considering the familiarity of her last name as mere coincidence. At the very moment, the only thing swirling around her mind was astonishment, and excitement. That was before she actually found out about the screwed up situation she had been shoved into. She had not been reborn into a normal world, or family, but actually in the world of fictional supernatural book series called Twilight saga. Not to mention she had all memories from past life still intact with her. Amber deemed it to be more of a curse than blessing. To be stuck in a crappy supernatural world where vampire fairies and unicorns ran around. It wasn't fun okay. In her past life, Twilight had been one of the many books that she had the chance to read. Back then, reading had been her only passion, obsession and solace. The workers in orphanage wouldn't forget to keep her stocked with book of all sorts, each one worn out and passed down from others. The workers probably thought that it was the least they could do for the poor little girl since books were the only thing that could draw out any positive response from her. She was sixteen when her interest first fell on the book. As the book progressed, she found it to be bloody horrendous. It wasn't much interesting as it had no specific direction or meaning. It centered around a teenage girl and a century year old vampire falling in love, followed by the so called deadly consequences they faced. The main character, Bella Swan was a backboneless heroine salivating over a control freak bunny eater. Their love story wasn't epic or anything remotely close to many swooning fans' labelling. The love they shared revolved around obsession and infatuation. For Edward, it was the obsession for Bella's blood, and as for Bella, it was about the infatuation for inhuman beauty. Amber honestly lost the count of times Bella had drooled disgustingly over his physical appearance. She would rather choke herself than again go through the torture that were the lines in which Bella Swan dreamily described Edward's beauty like she was some poet reciting their masterpiece of a poem. Yes, truly bloody horrendous. Despite her dislike for them, Amber had continued the series only because of the rest of the characters. She didn't have any problems with others; the humans, vampires, wolves. Not even the Volturi. They were actually quite interesting. Sure they came off as some power craving bad guys on immortal crack, but also the only vampires keeping an eye on their kind to make sure that others were tamed enough to never expose their kind, or act recklessly around humans. No matter how much evil the book portrayed them to be, Amber couldn't imagine what it would have been if the Volturi didn't exist. One thing would be for certain, the other vampires would simply go nuts, freely roaming around killing and feeding on humans without a care or restriction from anyone. So no, even the most evil weren't the ones getting on her nerves. Only Bella and Edward had the tendency to do that. Imagine her shock when one of them turned out to be her family member in her new life. She was miraculously reborn as the youngest daughter of Charlie and Renee Swan. Just an year younger than her older sister Isabella, or Bella, as she preferred to call herself. Just like she like the shortened version, Amber, instead of Amberine which was too mouthful for her liking. At first, Amber believed this entire reincarnation thing to be a curse. That was until she found out the wonders of having a real family. Her mother, usually childlike and flighty, would shower Amber with affection since it was in her bubbly nature, like her dad, who she found out was actually cool. Her parent's parentage probably being a result of them still being in their teen years. She was the youngest child in the family and honestly, it was flattering and touching to get all the attention. And being reborn as Bella's baby sister, her views gradually started to change for good about her new sister. Amber had often imagined that she would grow up disliking her older sister and holding grudges against her simply because of her personality. But as time flowed by, Bella turned out to be an unexpected friend and an older sister for her to rely on. Slowly but surely, Amber learned to overlook Bella's flaws and mistakes, and even her personality. She instead indulged in a comfortable relationship with her sister. Their affection influenced heavily on Amber's new personality. She had began her new life as a cheery child. For five years ever since she was born, she got enough to be satisfied with. To say that she was shocked when her parents divorced when she was the age of five, would be an understatement. Amber knew that, in the books - the canon world - they were supposed to divorce when Bella was three months old, but they didn't. This had led her to stupidly believe that her parents were not going to separate, at all. But boy was she dead wrong... After the divorce, when she moved to Arizona along with her mother and sister, Amber had an easy time fitting in with other people around her physical age simply because her new personality was entirely contrasting towards her previous life one. Charisma came naturally to her, and she was physically qualified enough to be labelled as a cute kid. Being mentally older than her most peers of the same physical age, Amber thought it was cool to be smarter than the rest. She didn't make an extreme show of her hidden intelligence, not intent on making anyone suspicious, especially not her mom. Her mom could be callow at times, but she was observant enough. Especially being a Kindergarten teacher, she was bound to notice the differences between average children and her own daughter. Even if Amber had been careful, that didn't mean she needed to act downright inadequate. Her grades were still brilliant, and her participation and contribtion in their school's extra curricular activities was almost constant. She had even tried at sports, but failed miserably as she had her uncountable moments of clumsy accidents similar to Bella. The two sisters had very clashing personalities. Whereas Amber was extroverted and liked socializing, Bella was