Thank you so much for reading this and I really hope you enjoy it. I would really appreciate some feedback, opinions, or just general comments. Disclaimer: Just fantasizing about what it would've been like to live in District Two… Chapter 1 Clove was not a believer. She did not believe in God. What God would allow the ruthless murders that ruled Panem's entertainment policy? She did not believe in faith. What use was faith if sin ruled the world? She did not believe in happiness. Why would anyone wish for happiness when there was nobody to share it with? She did not believe in luck. Wasn't luck just the bastard son of coincidence and ill fate? She did not believe in love. What kind of love came from a man and woman that conceived for the sole purpose of teaching that child how to kill? But she did believe in death. Clove Easton knew death like the back of her hand the very hand that dealt death with a graceful flick of the wrist. Death was her oldest friend. Death was her only friend. She stared down at the glistening red liquid the dripped from the edge of her favorite knife. Her father had given her a knife on each birthday, this one being the latest for her sixteenth. The sleek silver blade was recently polished and sharpened, glinting dangerously in the little bits of moonlight that peered through the dirty window. The handle was thin and unadorned, save for the Capitol insignia inscribed near the bottom, a sight that made her stomach tighten in disgust. A drop of blood appeared on the windowsill and Clove stared at it silently. Blood fascinated her in a strange, twisted way. In the dark of the night with just a sliver of moonlight, the perfect circle of blood looked purple, a beautiful, regal purple. In the bright daylight of the sun, blood screamed a violent red with just a dash of yellow-orange. Against the pale skin of her wrist, blood was a murky red marred through with streaks of brown and black. "Clove!" Startled out of her morbid thoughts by that voice, Clove yanked the sleeve of her blouse over the thin red line on her wrist and dove into the dark blue sheets of her bed, pressing her face into the pillow and hastily arranging the covers around her body. As the door was wrenched open, slamming against the offending wall, Clove clenched her knife under the pillow with controlled irritation. "Clove!" A hand yanked the warm sheets from her body, snatching up her wrist in a bruising grip, "Get up, you useless piece of shit." Clove let go of her knife as the young man dragged her roughly out of bed, nearly yanking her arm out of her socket. Barely stifling a hiss, Clove moved with the cruel movement, having long ago learned not to resist. "What do you want?" Clove tried to keep her voice neutral, barely able to suppress the fury and contempt she could feel roiling in her limbs. Clove gazed up into the face of her older brother, Aaron, imagining the knife under her pillow was in her hand and she was driving it deep into his abdomen, twisting it just to see the agony that would be splayed across his face. Aaron barely glanced at his little sister, shoving her towards the door, "Clean up my mess before Dad gets home." Clove said nothing, grinding her teeth so hard she was surprised her jaw didn't break. One day, one day, she would be able to cut his throat and watch him suffer without the threat of their father looming behind her back. As Clove crept silently down the stairs, relishing the feel of the weathered wood beneath her bare feet, she could hear the familiar sounds of sobbing from the living room. She didn't bother to turn on the lights, having done this countless times before. Aaron's latest victim lay sprawled in front of the giant flat-screen, where he always left them after he was done with them. With stiff muscles and clenched fists, Clove maneuvered around the broken girl on the floor, opening the grate and feeling for the knob just on the inside of the opening. As she turned the dial, fire sprouted from the darkness, alive and brutally revealing. The girl had ceased crying, her hiccups punctuating the cold silence in the Easton house. Naked and shivering, she slowly sat up, tangled blonde locks falling into her wide blue eyes. Her face was deathly pale and she shook in terror as Clove glanced her way. "You need to leave." Clove steeled her voice to be as emotionless as possible as she used the stoker to lift the ragged pieces of clothing off the floor. "W-what are you doing to my clothes?" the girl croaked in a hoarse whisper. Surprised, Clove answered without thinking, "Burning them." None of them had ever had the strength, nor spirit, to speak after Aaron was done with them. Clove allowed herself a second glance at the girl. The girl stared straight back with soulless eyes that made Clove stiffen and look away. Ugly bruises dotted her ribs and thighs, blood trickling from a gash near her hairline. Nothing on her face, arms, or legs to indicate any type of abuse. Leave no visible evidence, Aaron was good at that. Clove shoved the rest of the fabric into the fire and hoping the girl would have some sense to just leave . She fetched a bucket of cold water from the sink, grabbing the sponges she'd learned to leave at the back of the left cupboard for situations like this. When she returned to the living room, the girl was gone, much to Clove's relief. This was her life, cleaning up after Aaron's despicable games. Her mother looked the other way while her father supplied Aaron with tools, as if he was proud of the monster his son was becoming. Klaus Easton was a formidable man, having won the annual Hunger Games with his ruthless machete. He dominated his family with an iron fist. Ever since she had been little, her father had mapped out her whole life based on the Hunger Games. It was all train, train, train, train for the Hunger Games. And the one thing that he'd beaten into every bone of her body was the notion Kill or be killed. So, at the tender age of sixteen, Clove's petite, graceful figure, luscious brown hair, and forest green eyes were all conditioned to hide the malicious killing intent Klaus Easton had drilled into her very being. Nobody ever looked close enough to see past the blood, the layers, the masks, to see the fragile heart that hid behind the locked, steel, impenetrable wall she'd built. The heart that contained all her insecurities, her fears, her worries, her dreams, her joys, her humanity. Sixteen years of death, blood, and darkness had weathered that lock to glass. This was the moment. A blade, a drop of blood, one last depravity, could crush that lock and demolish any remaining warmth inside her soul and the darkness would set forth to mutilate her. A kiss, a touch, a look, could shatter that lock to finally release that potential of love, a love so great it could destroy the world. When Clove returned with the bucket sloshing with freezing cold water from the sink, she discovered that for some reason, Aaron had decided to clean up after himself this time. The carpet was no longer saturated with blood like it always was after the game and the tripod behind the couch was gone, locked away in the attic again. He'd probably taken the camera into his room to replay and replay his sick, twisted little fantasies. It had been like this for a little over a year, ever since Aaron lost his chance to volunteer for the annual Hunger Games. He'd been this bitter, nineteen year old monstrosity ever since and developed this repulsive game to earn back the approval of their furious father. The first night Aaron had brought a girl back home, raped her, beat her, videotaped it, then left her there Clove was awoken by the most chilling of screams. For the first time in her life, Clove was afraid; afraid to hear the desperate insanity in each scream, devastating pain rippling through the sound so that it twisted and clawed at the steel walls around her heart. Hours later, when the screaming had finally stopped, Aaron had barreled into her room, dragged her from her bed, and forced her to clean up the horrific scene downstairs. She'd learned not to feel anything for the girls Aaron had lured into his trap, cleaning up quickly and efficiently. The first few times she'd retaliated, he'd threatened to do the same to her. Clove wasn't afraid of his empty threat their father would never let Aaron damage his killing prodigy. But Aaron was good at things like getting her meals taken away, breaking her training knives, and just overall being as intimidating as possible. But Clove had learned not to be afraid of her brother. He was nothing. He couldn't even make it into the Hunger Games. But Aaron despised his little sister because he had fallen from grace to leave her the coveted pride of the Easton family. Clove knew how to twist Aaron's mind into insanity. She knew his shame and knew his fears and she wielded them just as gracefully as her deadly knives. In reality, Klaus Easton was the only thing preventing between the Easton children from ripping each other to shreds. In a sense, they're hatred of each other was fueled on each side by a push here and a lift here from their father and then they were at each other like rabid dogs. Clove knew he only kept them around for his own entertainment. The day was coming when he'd put them both in a room and only Clove would come out alive. She yearned for that day. Cato liked to believe that he was the bloody, brutal Cato that everyone else saw him as. He was vicious, heartless, and completely merciless. But it hadn't always been that way. Unlike, Clove, Cato had been born with the capability to love and to be loved. There was no one in the world that Cato loved more than his mother. Sweet Lysandra Braxton was a dainty little thing with the fiercest of tempers. Angelic blonde hair and baby blue eyes hid the stubborn and strong heart within. Lysandra was like a ray of sunshine in Cato's life. She liked to belt out random lyrics in a horribly out-of-tone voice, yet her lullabies were gentle and soft, the kind Cato liked best when he was little. She doted on her only son with fervent maternal love, drilled into him the precious gift of love, kindness, and happiness. Cato was happiest when he was with his mother. His father, Edward Braxton, was a shadow within the early stages of his life. Cato didn't see much of his father except for the constant presents of swords and the private training he was always required to undertake in the afternoons. And because he didn't really know him, Cato didn't really hate his father. Besides, after training, his mother would take him out for ice cream and sometimes, if she was in one of those times of inspiration, she would let him paint with her. Cato's favorite room in the house was the piano room, where the walls, floors, and ceilings were covered in the brushstrokes of the incredible evenings he spent with his mother. She taught him how to play the piano so that she could dance and paint while he played her favorite pieces. As much as Cato loved his mother and her gentle arts, he was a man at heart and he did take an interest in