[ A/N: This is a Marauders world without Peter. I know that he was actually an integral part of their group, and there are probably a ton of "Three Marauders" stories out there, but I wanted to explore the Marauders' era through the lens of my own OC. Melody is a great girl, but she has her own set of faults and flaws, just like anyone else. One of her best traits is her unconditional acceptance; which I like to think is due to her mixed ancestry and open-mindedness. Follow along as I delve into this generation of witches and wizards, their successes and failures, their struggles and triumphs, and all the mischief they get into. I solemnly swear that they are up to no good. Please rate/review and let me know what you think!] "All right, Mel, admit it… You're lost." Melody Wright sat down dejectedly at an outdoor set of tables and chairs in the middle of Diagon Alley. All around her, witches and wizards bustled about, getting their Saturday errands done. Melody groaned, replaying the last two weeks in her head. Her father had recently gotten a splendid job offer in Wales. Instead of considering the fact that Mel might not want to move away from Ilvermorny and finish her last two years in a strange new school, he had accepted it and whisked her mother away to live with him in their wonderful new flat. Melody's mother had considered allowing her to continue attending Ilvermorny, but she decided in the end that it was too far away. After many owls between her parents and the Headmaster of Hogwarts, Melody had been allowed to transfer over. A reporter from London's magical newspaper, the Daily Prophet, had Floo Powder-traveled all the way to America to get the first scoop on the Hogwarts transfer student. The woman, Rita Skeeter, was in her mid-20's and made Melody rather uncomfortable. She had a feeling that some things in the article had been exaggerated, but she didn't bother finding it and reading through it. Melody was a bright young witch of mixed No-Maj and magical ancestry, with both Native American and Irish blood, among other varied nationalities. She was rather slim, and of an average height for a sixteen-year-old girl. Her long dark curls reached the middle of her back, and her eyes, a blue that stood out against her olive-toned skin, were long-lashed and full of a mixture of shrewd awareness and gentle kindness. Her parents hadn't been able to come along with her to shop for school supplies, so they'd sent her to meet up with her Uncle Saul, who lived near Diagon Alley. Saul Croaker was often busy at the Ministry of Magic, working in some position that he was unable to speak about; and he'd been delayed in joining Melody, so she'd had to find her way around London all by herself. As nervous as Melody was about starting at Hogwarts, she thought it would be much less stressful than this shopping trip had been. She glanced up, scanning the nearest shops for what seemed like the hundredth time. On the corner of the street, there was an inviting little ice cream shop that had a sign above it, which read "Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour." With nothing better to do, and a craving for something sweet, Melody hopped up and walked over to the shop. She went inside, the door tinkling slightly as she did, and walked up to the counter. A kind-looking older man smiled at Melody from behind the display case of ice cream flavors. "Just a moment, dear," he said. The man shoveled up several scoops of a pinkish ice cream and deposited them in a sizeable bowl, handing it to an old lady who winked at Melody as she left. The shop was relatively empty, except for three boys who were standing a little ways from the counter. Two of them were talking loudly, and the third was reading a book intently as he finished a small bowl of ice cream. "What can I get for you?" The man behind the counter asked. Melody figured he must be Florean Fortescue. "Um…" She took a moment to scan the list of flavors and toppings posted on the wall. It seemed to stretch on for miles… at least it had her favorite combination. "I'd like two scoops of extra dark chocolate with lightly sweetened cream, please." He smiled pleasantly as he began to scoop out her ice cream. "Huh, you know, that's not really one of my best sellers, but you're the second person to order it today." Melody looked around to see who he meant, and her gaze fell on the boy with the book, who was returning his now-empty bowl to the counter. "Here you go—four Sickles." Melody paid and thanked him, then sat down at one of the indoor tables to eat it. The three boys seemed like they were on their way out, but one of them, a handsome boy with shoulder-length black hair, was lingering at the counter, pretending to peruse the flavors—although he was really shooting glances at Melody. Melody looked pointedly down at her bowl as she ate her snack. "Sirius, are you going for seconds or not?" the second boy, with untidy dark hair and glasses, asked good-naturedly. "I want to get to Quality Quidditch Supplies already." The boy named Sirius stole one more furtive glance towards Melody, who was suddenly very interested in her spoon. "Yeah, and then we can hurry to Flourish and Blotts, in case Evans is there, right?" "Oh, Sirius, you know me so well." Melody's heart started beating a little faster. Quality Quidditch Supplies and Flourish and Blotts were two of the places on her shopping list that she'd had trouble finding. In reality, she'd probably passed right by them in her flurry of anxiety, trying to make sure she'd purchased everything—but if these boys knew exactly where to go, perhaps she could follow them to their destinations. The boys left the shop, and, after hurriedly gulping down the last of her ice cream, Melody followed them. She had assumed they would already be a few paces down the road, but the boys had paused right outside of Florean Fortescue's. Unable to slow her momentum, she knocked right against whichever boy was closest. A book tumbled to the floor, and Mel dove to catch it before it reached the ground, righting herself so quickly that she almost fell over. "Careful," said a soft voice. Melody looked up into warm grey eyes and felt a flush creeping onto her cheeks. "Sorry. I mean, here," she sputtered, handing him his book and taking a step back. "That was a great catch!" the boy with glasses commended her, running his hand through his hair absent-mindedly. "Do you play Quidditch, by any chance?" "Former Seeker for the Ilvermorny Thunderbirds," Melody said proudly. The boy's eyebrows drew together. "That sounds familiar..." "Famili—James, you wanker, she's the American transfer student! Didn't you hear her melodic American accent? Don't you recognize her lovely visage from the paper? She's in our year, to boot!" The boy with long black hair bowed dramatically, looking at her with twinkling black eyes. "I, my dear, am known as Sirius Black. You must be Melody Wright." Melody felt warmth rising to her cheeks. "Er, yes. Nice to meet you." "This is James—" he elbowed the one with the glasses, who elbowed him back— "And Remus." The boy with the book inclined his head politely. Mel gave them an awkward small wave. "Hi. Um, I heard you guys talking about some of the places I'm looking for, and I was wondering if…" She faltered. They were all staring at her with rapt attention. "So adorable!" Sirius exclaimed, referring to her distinctly American accent. Melody didn't know if she should be flattered or embarrassed. "Of course we'll show you around," he continued. "Right this way." He grabbed her hand and pulled her along through the crowd, all the while cracking jokes with James. After a short while, they approached a store. "First stop—Quality Quidditch Supplies!" The inside smelled like broom wax and fresh wood, two familiar scents that made Mel feel slightly nostalgic. James pulled Sirius away towards the brooms, and Melody wandered by herself through the other merchandise, finally locating what she needed—broom polish. "Have you played for long?" a familiar voice asked. She turned around to see Remus, who was perusing the wax a little further down the aisle. "Yes. I was on my House's team for the past four years. Do you play?" He smiled ruefully. "No. James does, though—he's a Chaser for the Gryffindor team. I promised him I'd learn some more about it, after he—after he did something very thoughtful for me during summer break." Remus held up his book for her to see the title—Quidditch Through The Ages. "That's cool," Melody said, suddenly realizing how American she must sound. What did British people say? That's wicked? Bangin'? She decided to change the subject. "Gryffindor is one of the Houses, right? We had four at Ilvermorny—if I remember right, it was modeled after Hogwarts." "That sounds accurate to me. The Hogwarts Houses are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. The three of us are all in Gryffindor." "Is that the best house, then?" Melody asked, selecting a small tub of polish. "I don't know if there's really a best House, but James and Sirius would certainly say it's Gryffindor. They've gotten into more than a couple of fights about it with other students." "Really?" Melody wondered what easygoing James and exuberant Sirius would be like in an argument. They seemed so pleasant and carefree. Before they had a chance to talk more, the others made them hurry up so they could get to Flourish and Blotts. Upon entering the store, James immediately swooped over to a very pretty redheaded girl who was browsing through the quills and ink. "There she is! A glorious sight to behold; to take one glimpse of your perfect beauty is to drink a draught of eternal life. Lily, a bloom among thorns, a sunray among moonbeams—" "Flattery will get you nowhere, Potter," Lily said curtly, picking up a book from one of the many shelves. Melody saw Lily hide a smile behind it before she frowned at him. "Don't you have something better to do than bother me?" "You're all he lives for!" Sirius exclaimed, abashed. "Oh, by the way, this is Melody! She's our new friend. I might even like her better than I like you," he teased. "Is that supposed to bother me?" Lily raised an eyebrow at him before nodding pleasantly at Mel. "It's nice to meet you. If you ever need some sane company, let me know." Melody chuckled at that, and Sirius slung his arm around her shoulders. Her eyes widened, but he didn't seem to notice. "Sane? We're perfectly sane, aren't we?" "Sanely perfect," James agreed loudly, earning himself a disapproving glare from the shop's clerk. Remus just smiled, shaking his head as Lily tossed her hair, walking away with an air of confidence Melody admired. "Who was that?" Melody ventured. "I didn't catch her name; James was talking so quickly." "That's Lily Evans, James's one true love," Sirius said matter-of-factly. "I'm going to marry that girl," James said wistfully, staring after her long after she was out of sight. "Hey, want to sit with us on the train?" Sirius asked suddenly, grinning. "Sure," Melody said pleasantly. They exited Flourish and Blotts, and she spotted her uncle down by Ollivander's. "I've gotta go. See you later?" "'I've gotta go'," Sirius repeated, attempting to recreate her accent. "…So adorable.". He extracted his arm from around her shoulders. "See ya!" The boys waved, and Melody glanced back to see Remus gazing after her, before she turned to follow her aunt. "So adorable!" Sirius exclaimed once more, when Melody had disappeared into the crowd.