Author's Note: Hello, hello! Welcome to yet another Sirius/OC story. Just the thought of you clicking on this makes me exceptionally happy. I originally posted this without any sort of commentary outside of the story itself, but I was starting to feel disconnected from you and the lovely community, so alas. (Disclaimer: JK's creations belong JK). Enjoy! Lyra was relaxing in one of the cushioned armchairs in the Gryffindor Common room enjoying the fire. The week had dragged on and the days felt like they were slowly getting longer even as winter approached. Luckily it was Friday and she was able to shut her mind off if only for a few hours. The entire population of students around her seemed to have the same idea. The room had a slight hum of light conversations with the occasional laugh or a groan in defeat of a Wizards' Chess game. The portrait hole opened, and Remus Lupin walked in and looked around. His eyes passed over Lyra in the same manner in which they would have passed over a tiny flower in a massive garden. He joined his friends James Potter, Sirius Black, and Peter Pettigrew, who were lounging on the couch. Lyra watched them for a minute. James, always joking around and very rarely serious. Speaking of, Sirius: laid-back, rebellious, and attractive- a trait he shared with James and Remus. Of course, Remus was the one who held the four of them together with his problem solving; he was clever enough to be in Ravenclaw. Peter always seemed to be the odd one out; he was treated like their friend, but never completely included as he trailed after them. The past six years Lyra had observed and studied. Seventh year was going to be different. She was going to experience. After all, she only had the rest of this year to enjoy Hogwarts, and she was going to go out with a bang. "Lyra!" Lily called as she walked into the Common room from the portrait hole. "Lily!" Lyra mimicked her best friend with a smile. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw James turn his head in Lily's direction. "Guess who's staring at you... again." Lily shook her head and rolled her eyes. "I don't know what his problem is. For five years I have told him there isn't a chance." "Come on, Lils, he can't help being totally in love with you," Lyra teased. "If he was in love with me, he would make an effort to not be an arrogant prat all the time, now wouldn't he?" "I don't know, some might find it endearing," Lyra laughed. "So, the reason I was looking for you..." Lily changed the subject, "Have you started that Transfiguration essay yet?" "It's six o'clock on a Friday night. What do you think?" "Alright, fair enough. But I have a few questions that I need answered now if I'm going to start it tomorrow morning." "Well, if you need help, there are only so many people to turn to," Lyra said with a pointed look toward the four boys on the couch. Lily sighed. "Come on, then." "I don't think so. I'm quite comfortable here, thanks," Lyra said, flashing a grin. "Either you come with me or I call them over here." "You wouldn't dare. You're too polite," Lyra retorted, though she looked a little apprehensive. It wasn't that Lyra was afraid of them, per say. She just knew they could all be friendly when they wanted to, but James and Sirius especially tended to interact with outsiders somewhat harshly. "You wanna bet?" Lily raised her brow. "Fine," Lyra grumbled and stood from her seat. Lily walked toward the boys with Lyra close on her heel. Once they reached the four, Peter looked up and stared. James, who was in the middle of a sentence, did a double-take. "Lily! What brings you over here?" James asked eagerly. "Remus," came the casual reply from Lily, to which James blanched. "Transfiguration essay," Lyra said by means of an explanation. "Of course. What exactly do you need to know?" Remus asked Lily as he removed himself from the couch. The two walked off to a table nearer the edge of the room. Lyra stood rocking onto her heels, wondering what she was supposed to do. "Lyra, so nice to see you," Sirius said in an overdramatic voice. "Likewise," she responded plainly. "What do you want?" James asked, sounding like a little kid who didn't get his way. "Just because Lily didn't come over to talk to you, doesn't mean you have to take it out on me," Lyra told him. To this, James looked slightly ashamed and cast his gaze downward. This was pretty much how all of Lyra's interactions with these boys went. James was resentful toward any girl that wouldn't help with him get Lily, Sirius was outgoing and flirty toward any girl at all, and Peter really didn't say much... She didn't get much of a chance to interact with Remus, probably because he was always studying as he was currently with Lily. "Anyway, as much fun as this is... if Lily comes back, tell her I went to our dorm, would you?" Lyra broke the awkward silence. "Will do," said James, ever ready to communicate with Lily. "Always a pleasure," Sirius said mechanically as Lyra strolled away. She raised a lazy hand in response. Once safely in her dorm, Lyra flung herself onto her bed, face first. Rolling over, she let out a tired groan. She planned to lie here until dinner, eat, and then return to this exact position. She was so comfortable... Lyra awoke to the sound of light snoring in complete darkness. She sat up and blinked as her eyes adjusted to the lack of light. Looking around, she saw that all of her roommates were fast asleep. Her stomach growled. Slept through dinner , she thought, no point going back to sleep now… may as well be productive about it . Reaching beside her bed, Lyra felt around for her Transfiguration book. Once that was located, she picked up some parchment, a quill, and ink to start her essay. She stood up as quietly as she could and silently exited the room. As Lyra arrived in the Common room, she expected to find it empty. She was surprised to find James and Sirius on the same couch she had last left them. Lyra walked over to a chair across from them and sat down. "Do you two never leave this couch or something?" She gave a small smile. "Coming from the girl who spent the past," James stopped to count, "six hours in her dorm." "Hey, I fell asleep. Missed dinner too." As if crying out an affirmation, her stomach then rumbled loudly. "Too bad. It was quite good," Sirius told her with a smirk plastered on his face. Lyra rolled her eyes. "Why up so late?" Irritation was evident in her voice. "Trying to enjoy the roaring fire in peace, but I guess now that you're here it won't be silent-" Lyra cut James off by saying, "Well, you won't have to worry about me bothering you. I'm only here to work on my Transfiguration essay in good lighting. Of course, that depends on whether or not I can figure out how to do it. Probably should have listened to Remus and Lily's conversation earlier..." Her stomach groaned again. "Just try to keep it down," James responded pompously. "Whatever." Turning her attention to her essay, Lyra realized she actual would need an enormous amount of help. Either that or she could wing it and ask Lily to correct it later. Since Lily correcting usually meant rewriting it to make it much better, Lyra decided to go with winging it. The essay was on a new type of conjuring spell the class was learning. Lyra could only conjure items a little more than half the time, so she had no idea how to write about it. She figured they couldn't all be that different from each other, so maybe... Lyra's concentration was broken by a stomach growl. "Are you really that hungry?" Sirius laughed. Lyra looked at him, eyebrows raised. "I haven't eaten since lunch. I'm starving." "Do you want me to get you something?" "You don't have TO DO THAT," Lyra answered loudly, trying to cover up the noises of her empty stomach. "Alright, I'm not just going to let you sit there. You sound like you're in pain," he said with a grin. "Come on, don't leave me here alone. With her," James whined, glancing at Lyra. "Then by all means: you go," Sirius deadpanned. "And if I don't go, you will?" "Yep." James stood and walked to the portrait hole. He then turned to Lyra and said, "I'd ask what you want, but I don't particularly care." With that he climbed through the portrait hole and out of sight. "What's his problem anyway?" Lyra asked once he was out of sight. "Ah, don't mind him. He's just been especially sensitive about Evans lately, and seeing you – her best friend – just reminds him of what he can't have," Sirius responded with a shrug. "Maybe he'd have a chance if he weren't so moody. Lily's got enough of a temper for the both of them. Anyway, where's he going? The Great Hall won't have food anymore." Lyra looked to Sirius with a confused expression upon her face. "To the kitchens. This isn't the first late night food run we've had," Sirius informed her. "And you haven't ever been caught?" Sirius smiled, and there was a certain glint in his eye. "We've practically got a marauder's map of this place. Getting caught hasn't been an issue since first year." "I sometimes wonder just how much you guys know about that the rest of us are blissfully unaware of... Like where the kitchens are. I'm sure most of the staff doesn't know that." "Well, if you ever figure out even one of our secrets, I'll personally carry your books around for a week," Sirius told her, a bit of a cocky smile playing on his lips. "I accept your challenge," Lyra replied with a smile of her own. She held out her hand and Sirius shook it. "In the meanwhile, I really need to figure out how to write this bloody essay." "What subject?" "Transfiguration," Lyra groaned. "It's got to be the only subject I've never been any good at. How I ended up in the NEWT class, I'll never know." "The key to Transfiguration is not to overthink it. Just focus on the action you want performed, and it'll happen. As for this particular essay, just write down the history of the spell and the mechanics. Nothing too hard, and most of it ought to be in the book," Sirius said completely casually. "When did you get so smart?" "I've always been smart, love. Just never been one for showing it off." For another twenty minutes, Lyra asked for information and Sirius gave it to her. By the time James came back in with a basket filled over the brim with food, she had all she needed to write her essay the next chance she got. "Now what are you prepared to give me for these delicacies? I've got steak and kidney pie, butter beer, and éclairs," James said to Lyra as he strutted to the couch and sat lazily upon it. "What? You went to get food specifically for me! You can't just deny it to me," Lyra exclaimed. "Oh, but I believe I can," James retorted, wrapping his arms protectively around the basket in question. "Sirius, do something," Lyra pleaded. "I'm afraid it's too entertaining watching you both. Not to mention, I'm waiting for the moment you'll snap and attack him. Because I know it's coming." Sirius grinned. James deliberated a moment before thrusting the food basket into Lyra's lap, scooted over a