Silence. Glorious silence. I appreciated it while I had it. Soon enough, everyone would be talking. Talking about her. Maybe they'd talk to me, maybe they'd ask, maybe they wouldn't. But either way, tomorrow would be a day of neck aches and turning heads as every idiot in Forks High School muttered my name. My name and her name. Genevieve and Isabella Swan. I called her Isabella because, let's face it; it's much prettier than Bella. She thinks I do it to irritate her, but I'm not quite that bad of a sister. I just forget to change it when she's actually around… which is going to be a lot more often now. Damn it. My sister is coming to Forks. "Gen?" "Coming, Dad." I call. So much for silence. "No need. Just headed out." He called back, probably from the base of the stairs. I was in no mood to move anyway: After a long practice, I had made it to the top of the stairs and halfway down the hallway before deciding to sit down and rest on the hardwood floor. I was now lying in the middle of the hall staring at the ceiling and wishing my dad would have been his normal self and left without a word. "Bye." I yelled. "Sure you don't wanna come?" "I have plans, Dad." Did I? Maybe. I frowned. A nap was a plan, right? "Alright." I heard the door creak behind him and sighed deeply as it swung squeakily shut. Last day of silence, I thought as Dad's footsteps trailed off. Last day of freedom. Probably shouldn't waste it. With renewed strength of purpose, I struggled to my feet and clomped down the stairs to the couch. With a muffled groan, I plopped down in my favorite spot and turned on Criminal Minds. Then, true to my plan, I fell asleep. .. I woke up to the sound of the sports channel and found my dad sitting over in his big armchair. He turned to me with a raised eyebrow. "Plans, huh?" I grimaced and closed my eyes. "I was watching basketball for coach." "Hmm." He replied. "What." "They play basketball on CBS?" He asked mildly. "I had changed the channel for commercials." I lied grumpily. "Your sister's upstairs." He said, changing the subject. I grunted. "She'd like to see you." He prodded. I shrugged. "Gen." "Ok." I said, recognizing his tone as his 'last warning' tone. I rolled off the couch with an 'oof' and left the room, heading for the kitchen for a 'procrastinatory' drink of hot chocolate. This did not take as long as I liked and I was soon headed back up the stairs, trying not to rock my drink and licking cocoa off my fingers as I did. "Dad, is there a schedule for the bathroom?" "Not dad." I grumbled as I arrived at what should have been my bedroom. Instead I was up in the attic now. "And I shower at night: mornings, you just need to give me time to brush my teeth and stare at myself in horror." Isabella looked up from her suitcase and smiled slightly. "Hi, Gen." "Hey." I glanced around the room and sipped my cocoa. She had all my old cheesy furniture and the desktop computer I'd had to replace with birthday money to keep sane. Weird thing about my dad: he bought me my car, bought another for Isabella… but had no idea about technology. Even our tv was a mammoth, old school monster. "Need help?" She shook her head and I pursed my lips as she went back to unpacking. I could tell she didn't want me: I also knew that if I went downstairs, I'd get sent right back up again. And if I went upstairs, I was going to fall asleep and my homework would… I frowned. Did I have homework? "You alright?" Bella asked uneasily. She 'd turned to find me scowling at her computer. "Yeah." I shrugged and drained the last of the cup of cocoa. What do you say to a twin you don't know? "Yeah." "Ok." And she was unpacking again. Books this time. Then some sweaters. A dress. I continued to lurk in the doorway until I noticed that Isabella was starting to look a little frazzled and then I gave up 'sister time' as a lost cause. I meandered over to the bathroom, clinked the cup down on the counter, noticed it was almost nine, and sighed. Tomorrow was going to be a long day, but the dark circles under my eyes told me there was not much more postponing it. I slipped into the shower and finished up pretty quickly, but ended up standing in the hot water doing nothing for about twice as long as I'd been productive. The warmth felt good, and every twenty seconds or so I nudged the shower handle to make it a little bit hotter. Steam begin to fill the room and I sighed, feeling a little bit more relaxed, deciding that maybe having a sister again might be nice. When I finally left the bathroom and found Bella waiting in the hallway, I was almost polite. As she smiled at my apology, I actually got a look at her face and there was something martyr-like about it: I started to wonder if maybe she didn't want this either… maybe… maybe my sister… I fell asleep feeling sick with uncertainty, lulled by the rain pattering against my attic roof. .. .. I woke late and ended up sprinting around the house while Isabella and Dad had breakfast. Bella's morning routine was a lot easier: no make-up, no jewelry, let her hair hang down, throw on a bulky sweater, eat some toast. I couldn't quite do that; as soon as I'd discovered make-up, I'd found I looked off without it: same with earrings. I'm sure my dad made quite a few amused looks at the ceiling at the sound of my feet pounding up and down the attic ladder/steps as I decided that two braids didn't look right with dangly earrings and ran upstairs to find another pair before running back down to check again. If it weren't for my desire to save up for a prom dress, I would have bought a mirror for my room: as it was, my recent move upstairs was becoming an issue for my ability to walk out the door not feeling like a hobo. "Bye, Gen." My dad called. "Bye." I called anxiously, running down the stairs with a dim hope of breakfast as I stuffed a book into an overfull backpack. "Isabella still here?" "Bella." My sister called from the kitchen. My dad walked out and I headed to my sister. "You can take off." I told her and I walked quickly to the fridge, my short lacey blue dress swishing against my jeans—you can't wear a dress by itself in Washington, but I do my best. "K." She said, standing and moving to the window to look miserably out at the fog. With a sigh she turned back to watch me stuffing bread into the toaster. "What?" "I remember these being yellow." She said, gesturing to the dark blue cabinets. I glanced up. "I don't like yellow. I like painting. Did 'em last summer." "Oh." She said and she wandered out into the living room, staring at pictures with an uncomfortable frown and tight posture. I watched her for a second before my toast popped out and I began slathering it with butter and drowned it in cinnamon sugar. "Seriously." I called out. "You can go. I have to take a different car anyway." "Yeah?" "I have practice and don't even pretend you want to stick around for that." I said. "You also have to grab your schedule: they didn't have it ready for me to grab before. " She nodded mopily and went to grab her jacket and bag. I heard her struggling with her rain boots, the slam of the front door, and then the chug chug of her ancient truck. Uck. As much character it had and as much as I'd love to hang a picture of the monster on my wall, it was the least practical car she could have had next to a convertible. Not to mention it was a buy from the Blacks and that pest Jacob was sure to use it as an excuse to come up. There was also the fact that everyone was going to know it was her the second they heard that chug or saw that blob of rusty orangey red. My white Chevy cavalier was awful to look at, but had yet to let me down or be anything but inconspicuous. I glanced at the clock and sighed. Speaking of the chevy, it was time I get out to her. I pulled on my own rain boots and scampered out to the car, giving her a friendly kick: my relationship with my car was a bit like the one I had with Bella. I liked her well enough and I'd take care of her when worse came to worse, but she didn't have much to keep me interested. I paused, feeling rather satisfied with this thought, and my chevy got a pat on the roof in reward of my profundity. I got to school about ten minutes before first bell and, sure enough, the first thing I saw was the truck sticking out above the tiny cars around him like so many puppies. Though, to be fair, a bit further on I saw the Cullen's stupid Volvo and that would have made anyone else forget about Bella's poor truck completely. I shoved them from my mind as I caught sight of Isabella's jacket, making its way through the rain as she slipped into the crowds of students. "She made it here." I told my car, giving it another congratulatory pat. I sat for a moment longer, letting Bella get well and truly lost in the crowd so it wouldn't be weird that I didn't talk to her. People were going to know who she was either way: I wasn't about to be blamed for the attention she was about to suffer. "Alright, let's get this over with." I climbed out of the car and held out a hand, letting the rain gather in my palm. I didn't much like drizzle, but maybe by the time school ended we'd have a good patter going. The sound of rain more than made up for the cold, in my opinion. I wiped my wet hand on my jeans and grabbed my bag out of the trunk and, catching sight of my friends, jogged a bit to get to the sidewalk. After that, nothing much happened for a bit. I went to class. I didn't see my sister. Some of the girls from my team asked about her and whined a bit about attention stealers. I got sick of it pretty quickly and when I walked into the cafeteria to see Bella sitting with Lauren and her friends I decided it was as good an excuse as any to sit with them. "Hey." Angela is the only one other than Bella to look over when I arrive, toting an extra chair behind me. "How ya doing?" I ask. "Fine." "And you?" I looked to Bella. "Everyone's calling me Isabella." She said drily. Ooops. "But they're very nice." "Yeah?" I look at Jessica doubtfully and then turn to Lauren. "Hey, Mallory, did you still want any help with prom committee?" "If you would help with the music…" She started and then trailed off with a shrug, too cool for finishing something as lame as a sentence. "Sure." I said. "But I'll probably be getting a lot of requests from the girls." I nod my head over at the rest of my team. "That's fine." Lauren said. "Cool." The conversation moved on to the other girl's