A/N: This story is mostly about Snape and- especially- Lily, but there will be several chapters focusing on other characters as well. I originally wanted to write the first chapter from Snape or Lily's perspective, since they are the main characters after all, but I just had this idea about Mary and couldn't refrain from writing this first, although Lily does play a significant role in this chapter... Please Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter . The Light in the Dark Chapter 1: Mary Mary Quite Contrary Mary Macdonald was a highly reticent girl. She had always been something of an outsider, which astounded everyone who knew her. After all, with her looks one would expect a girl like her to have many friends. Fair-skinned, with a long loose raven waterfall of curls that constituted as her hair, and icy blue eyes, she was ever the cool beauty. Unfortunately, some of the words that came out of her mouth were not anywhere near as attractive as her outward appearance. So maybe, she reasoned as she struggled to deflect the hex Mulciber had just put on her, if she had just kept her mouth shut like normal, she wouldn't be in this mess. It had all started a couple of hours ago… Mary had a job in Hogsmeade that no one aside from the faculty knew about; she worked as one of the waitresses at the Three Broomsticks on school nights. Since students weren't allowed out in Hogsmeade on school nights, no one ever saw her at work. Mary had express permission from Dumbledore himself to work there at that particular time; he knew her family was falling apart. Her father had been a wonderful man until the day he died… which was just a few years before Mary started Hogwarts. Once upon a time the Macdonalds had been financially stable. Her father had been a Healer at St. Mungo's, and had been researching a cure for Dragon Pox. He wound up injecting a portion of the disease into himself in order to test the cure he thought he had discovered for it, only to find out that not only did his cure not work, it only caused the disease to spread much faster around the body. The other Healers could not cure him by the time they arrived; it was too late. Mrs. Macdonald did not work; she had never finished her education and therefore she had difficulty finding employment. Mary's mother had gotten pregnant at the young age of 15; she had dropped out of school to take care of her first child before she had even taken her O.W.L.s. ("I 'ad always been rubbish a' schoo' anyway',"Mary's mother said on the subject. ) As such , Mary's mother (Whose real name was Matilda, but who the men all called Tilly when they came around, much to Mary's disgust) had much more difficulty finding work than the average witch living in Britain already did. A witch who had completed her education and had qualifications may still have difficulty finding a steady job, but it would not have been anywhere near as arduous as it had been for Matilda Macdonald, who did not even have any O.W.L qualifications. So it was more or less up to Mary to earn most of the money for the family; Tilly, as her clients liked to call her, had given up on keeping a steady job and decided to go seek out a more…unsavory occupation. None of Mary's classmates knew of her job; she did not want anyone to even suspect that the Macdonalds were less than well off in any sense of the word. In fact, she doubted that any of her schoolmates even knew her father was dead . And God forbid any of them find out about poor desperate Tilly … Mary had been in the middle of her shift one night when she saw something, or more accurately, someone , who made her heart skip a bit. Malum Mulciber was sitting at the bar just five feet away from her, looking her directly in the eye. "What are you doing here MacDonald? "He asked as if he had every right to be there, or had any more right than she. "What does it look like I'm doing, I'm working." Mary scanned the crowd, to see if there was absolutely anything she could be doing to avoid having to talk to this creep. And creep he was; Mulciber had an unusual and disturbing obsession with the Dark Arts and, rumor had it, was very experienced in them. His family was all Death Eaters, and Mary wouldn't be surprised if he went the same way. Mary herself was half-blood; she would not have called herself a Blood Traitor, but her family did not care one way or the other about blood purity and the war going on at the moment; they were too busy about making ends meet to care about that sort of thing. Both of her parents were Half-Blood, and therefore did not have much to say on the issue either way even if her father had come back to life and they weren't struggling so much right now… "Damn right you are, "he smirked. "I'd like to order a drink." "What are you doing here? "She wondered. "Students aren't allowed out on school nights. How did you beat the system?" "Why are you working here? "He countered. "What would you like to drink? "She attempted to change the subject. "Firewhiskey,"He answered immediately. She returned with his drink a few minutes later. "Anything else?" "You know, I hear that in these fancy restaurants waitresses are supposed to call customers sir,"Mulciber mused. "And I am pretty sure you have no place being here right now, yet here you are. "Mary slammed the glass onto the table, almost breaking it. Mulciber tsked tsked."Now now now, you wouldn't want me to complain to the manager about a particularly surly waitress, would you?" Mary glared in response; he had the upper hand here and they both knew it. Mulciber grinned mockingly." Now, would you like to rephrase that question?" "Would you like anything else… sir ? "She spat, humiliated. "Well,"his lips twitched once more. "There are many things I would like, but… I think I will tell you those when your shift is done. What time do you get off?" Mary looked at the clock; it was now 8:15P.M. "Half an hour, "she lied; in reality she got off at 9:30, but surely he wouldn't wait that long; students had to be in their common rooms by 9:00. Although, if he had no qualms about sneaking off to Hogsmeade, he probably wouldn't have a problem with being out of bed after hours. Still, there was no way he'd be willing to wait for over an hour for her, so she should be able to shake him off. Mulciber did not seem at all perturbed by this; on the contrary he only smiled serenely. "I can wait until then." Mary continued on with her shift and was relieved to see that by 9:00P.M Mulciber had already left. She had managed to evade him by serving other customers instead, so the rest of the night should be a breeze. It would be a bit of a walk to go back to the castle and enter her common room, but she should be able to start finishing the rest of her homework by 10:00P.M., which would hopefully only take about two more hours or so(she had already started much of her homework before her work) and then she could go to bed. Half an hour later Mary had just exited the pub when a voice said, "you've been a bad, bad girl Mary Macdonald." Mary screamed and whirled around to find Mulciber standing right behind her. Gathering her bearings, she demanded, "You! What the hell are you playing at? I thought you went back to the castle." "I told you I could wait, "It was then that Mary noticed his breath reeked of alcohol. "You were the one who lied; you said your shift would be over almost an hour ago." "Well of course I lied, "Mary laughed coldly. "Who would ever want to spend more time than necessary in the company of an arrogant freak like you?" " Tut Tut. That was a rather naughty thing to say now wasn't it Mary?" Mulciber did not seem out off by her insult. "The truth can hurt sometimes, "Mary snapped and started to walk away. Mulciber grabbed her and before she could as much as yelp he kissed her, causing her to drop her wand. Mary had already had her first kiss when she was much younger, but that did not make the experience of kissing Mulciber any less repulsive. His breath stank and he tasted terrible. She kicked him between his legs, causing him to let out a yell and curl up in the fetus position. "You," she snarled. "Are the most terrible kisser on the planet. No girl would ever want to kiss a man like you: you are vile, vulgar, and quite frankly you make me sick. No one could ever love a mutant like you, and a mutant is what you are Mulciber; I assure you I am nowhere near naive of the evils of this world and the cruelty in it, but you are the epitome of scum. Even the cruelest of human beings are not like you; you are scum beneath even their shoes. I highly doubt a mutant like you is even human." And with that being said, she turned on her heel and left. She soon broke into a run. That was by far the worst thing she had ever said to anybody in her entire life, although it did occur to Mary that she could be rather cold sometimes. It fleetingly occurred to Mary that she may not be as good a person as she liked to believe; in over four years of magical education, when had she ever said hello to somebody without being spoken to first, or complimented any of her classmates? She was not a friendly person; she did not have time for friends between school work and actual work. She had to make sure she did not wind up like her mother. She had to escape her life as soon as possible, and the best way to for that was to work hard and focus on what mattered most: Her studies and earning enough money so her family could survive, and maybe one day she would earn enough so that Tilly would not have to work again…or at least, so that she could find a better job than the one she had now, if you could even call such an occupation a career. That's all her life was really: Learn, work study, work, taking care of the family, and, occasionally, sleeping and eating. She had never even bothered trying to make friends at Hogwarts; what was the point? They would never get her in life anywhere. She knew some people had tried to reach out to her when she first got to Hogwarts, had tried to befriend her. She had never been truly mean to any of her classmates before tonight; she had only remained distant and acted a bit cool with people. Cold, perhaps, but not actually mean. Soon it seemed most of her classmates realized that she just did not seek companionship and so they ignored her and she them. Everyone except one. Lily Evans. Lily Evans, who reminded Mary so much of her father it was haunting. She was polite to everyone she knew, regardless of whether she liked them or not; although quite frankly Mary doubted Lily really disliked anybody. Except, perhaps, Mulciber and Avery(she had noticed Lily give them dirty looks a few times, although she had never seen Lily lash out at them like she just did)