Children of the Night-Part I It was the coldest December in recent memory. New Years was soon and Annabeth couldn't wait. A year had passed since the war with the Giants, and nothing could be better. Oh there was the occasional monster attack and Percy being a seaweed brain, but nothing unusual. Just after the war, Annabeth had received letters from several universities outside of New York. Places like UCLA, or Stanford. But they always went missing after a while. Percy claimed that he had nothing to do with it, but Annabeth doubted that. She knew that he wanted her to go to one of New York's Universities, like Columbia, but Annabeth never got one from them. Bundled up in a black parka with a scarf loosely wrapped around her neck and a beanie, Annabeth could still feel the wind chill her skin. New York really was the city that never slept. The lights never seemed to truly turn off and there was always an ever present background noise. It was unlike any other city in the world. That she had been to anyway. The new apartment that she and Percy lived at was only a five to six minute walk, barring traffic problems or a monster attack, from the Starbucks that she worked at. It was in central Manhattan and not too far away from Central Park or Times Square. Because the rent was rather expensive and Percy was rather busy with school, Annabeth got two full time jobs. On the weekends she was a tour guide at a nearby Museum and during the weekdays, Annabeth was a barista at Starbucks. Shivering as a cold breeze passed by, Annabeth crossed the street. The apartment complex was just in front and their room was on the 20th floor. Annabeth preferred to take the stairs as opposed to the elevator. Having two fulltime jobs was time consuming and Annabeth barely had any time to exercise, so running up the stairs substituted. After sprinting up twenty sets of stairs, Annabeth finally made it to their apartment. Sprinting nonstop didn't even make her sweat a little bit. The place was empty and the lights were off. Oh that's right. Percy's off babysitting Maia. His mortal half-sister. It was likely that Percy would be staying the night at his mom's. Sally was partying with Paul. There was a tiny part of Annabeth hoping that Percy would be getting another sibling. Giggling lightly, Annabeth moved to switch the lights on. Nothing. Frowning, Annabeth did what any sensible person would do and flicked the switch up and down a couple of more times. Again, nothing. With a sigh, Annabeth looked outside the window. From the corner of her eyes, she noticed something moving abnormally fast out of the shadows. A monster? Agh, I don't have time for this! Quickly rushing back down steps, Annabeth saw the figure duck into an alley. I am so going to regret this. The alley was empty. There was no one there. At least that Annabeth could see anyways. And then she saw the figure again. It was large and hairy and pushed her to the ground. Looking down at her and growling was a…wolf? Before Annabeth could respond, the giant wolf bounded past her. Was that a hellhound? It wasn't like any other hellhound that Annabeth had seen before. Dark grey fur and blood red eyes. And the fact that it walked on two feet like a human. Regardless of whether or not that thing was a hellhound, Annabeth couldn't just let it roam around attacking whoever in its sight. After making sure that her trusty dagger was on hand, Annabeth rushed down the street. Whatever it was, it was fast. Annabeth noted how it was running in the shadows and doing its best to avoid the streets. "That must mean that it's something that mortals can see…" Monsters usually weren't one for keeping themselves hidden. It wasn't like the mortals could see them anyway right? But apparently this one could be seen without needing the ability to see through the mist. "That doesn't make sense though. All monsters are hidden from mortal view by the mist. Why is this one so special?" Central Park soon came into view. Annabeth could feel her eyes widen when the monster leapt from a nearby building and into the trees of Central Park. Whatever this was, it definitely wasn't human or anything that Annabeth knew. Could it be a werewolf? The story of Lycaon and Zeus were well known to her and Thalia had on more than one occasion run into Lycaon himself. But this beast wasn't anything like what Thalia described Lycaon and his pack to be. Then Annabeth remembered Magnus. Perhaps this was from the Norse side of things? Annabeth shook her head. She didn't know nearly enough about the Norse to make that judgement. And she was pretty sure that Egypt didn't have any wolves. Whatever this was, she'd get to the bottom of it. But Annabeth didn't feel comfortable just calling it…it. So werewolf it was for now. Just as she was getting close, the werewolf looked over his shoulder and leapt into the trees, disappearing into the foliage of Central park. Stopping on a dime, Annabeth reached into her parka and drew her dagger. It wasn't silver, but she could still try. "Listen. Maybe we can talk this out. I don't have any silver or…" Crap. What else were werewolves weak to? Garlic? No those were vampires. Mercury? It was often called quick silver in the Middle Ages, so perhaps mercury could work. There was also wolfsbane. It was a type of plant that supposedly werewolves were weak against, but that was found in northern Europe. All Annabeth got in response was a distant growl. From the shadows, the werewolf lunged out at her so fast that Annabeth couldn't even bring her dagger up to defend herself. The force of the blow lodged her dagger free from her grip. Seeing this, the werewolf lunged once more. "AHH!" The werewolf's sharp claws ripped through Annabeth's parka and cut into her skin. She stumbled into the snow, clutching her side. Annabeth could feel blood. Her eyes darted to the dagger lying on the path just a few feet away. Athena's favoured daughter didn't think that the werewolf would let her retrieve her ineffective weapon. There had to be something that she could use to ward off the werewolf. Even a stick would do. Wait. That's it! A stick! This was Central Park. Surely there had to be a stick or something nearby. Before she could even look for a stick or anything, the wolfman was already on her, hands raised and ready to maul Annabeth's face off. In desperation, Annabeth reached up and began to feel for his eyes. "Get off of me!" Annabeth screamed as dug her thumb into something. An eye socket or nostril or earhole. Whatever she hit, it worked. The wolf howled and backed off, but not before swinging one of his arms wildly. The stray swing hit her dead on. Her parka was entirely cut open and a long gash ran from underneath her left breast all the way down to her hip. Annabeth somehow managed to find the strength to lift herself up and support herself onto a nearby tree. She was bleeding profusely. The snow around her feet stained crimson with blood, her lungs felt like a leaking basketball. Another cold breeze passed by, as the werewolf slowly advanced on her. As she gripped the tree for support, Annabeth noted how the bark was rather loose. In a last ditch effort to get away, Annabeth tore off a handful of bark and chucked it. With her assailant momentarily distracted, Annabeth made a run for her dagger. There was no way that she would be able to take this monster out. Not in her current situation or state. The favoured daughter of Athena, just barely managed to duck underneath the monster's swipe. Behind her, the tree fell in two. Quickly turning around, the Monster lashed out at her. Fortunately, only the tips of his claws grazed Annabeth, tearing into her jeans. Annabeth bit back a yelp. She leapt over a fallen branch. Her fingers touched the hilt of the dagger. "You're not going anywhere!" Annabeth yelped as she felt the werewolf grip her by the feet and swing her into a tree. The force of the hit made her black out for a split second. "You know human, all I wanted to do, was to be left alone. But you just had to see me." Annabeth whimpered as the werewolf put his face right against hers and snarled. She could feel herself slowly bleeding out. "And you couldn't leave me alone. Well…This is what you get." His claws dug into her jacket. He then ripped them off. She could feel saliva drip from his mouth to her chest. Bile piled up in her throat. He lifted her up. Annabeth stared straight into his blood red eyes. No…It can't end this way. Of all the ways to go. It wasn't the weight of the world crushing her into nothing. It wasn't against Arachne covering her in a silk cocoon. It wasn't in the worst place ever, the Tartarus swallowing her up in eternal darkness and nightmares. And it wasn't against the Giants. It had to be a just a simple monster. The werewolf suddenly looked up. He snarled once more at something among the trees before disappearing into the night. After falling to ground unceremoniously, Annabeth's head felt dizzy. She was losing consciousness. Was she going to die here? Alone? Annabeth felt around for a wound and felt a significant amount of wetness. She could barely lift her hand to look at it. Blood. A whole lot of it. She noted that skin was turning pale and that her fingernails were turning blue. Her skin was clammy and cold. Although it was already cold before. The familiar sound of sirens reached Annabeth's ear. She rolled around onto her back. Almost instantly, she regretted that decision. Even if the ambulance gets here in time, what the hell am I going to tell the police? They won't believe me. Damnit. All around her, the nymphs of the trees began to pop out. One of them was about to approach. Annabeth couldn't hear and see whatever it was that the Nymph saw and heard, but whatever it was, it was enough for all the nymphs to return to their tree forms. The last thing that Annabeth saw before losing consciousness, was a figure walking up to her dressed in all black with startlingly blue eyes. Percy… Annabeth didn't expect to be waking up. And even if she did, she expected it to be in a hospital or back at camp. So when her eyes opened and she was greeted to the sight of the interior of an under construction skyscraper, Annabeth was a bit confused. Looking down, her ruined clothes had been replaced with a black sleeveless blouse and a pair of leggings. A breeze flew by and Annabeth instinctively tucked her exposed arms in, waiting for the cold to kick in. It didn't. "Why aren't I feeling the cold?" She also noticed how her tan skin was now almost pale white and silky smooth. "That's because you're dead. The dead don't feel cold. Or any temperature for that matter." Her head sharply turned to face the voice. He was shrouded in the shadows, leaning against an I-beam. Stepping out of the shadows, Annabeth could see that the voice belonged to someone appearing to be in their early 20's. He was wearing all black. A black shirt and black jeans with a dark silver skull shaped stopwatch around his neck. His skin as pale and silky looking as her own and his blue eyes reminded her of ice. Shirt and jeans in this weather? Then again, sleeveless clothing