Author's note To be honest, I'm not entirely sure where to start this one off. I love Life and Death , and I actually think I like it better than the original Twilight and its constituent parts. There's just something about it that sparks my mind more than the original ever did. I think the biggest part is the swap to Edythe from Edward. Sometime after reading and rereading the original novels, I started disliking Edward as a character. It's not even any one thing, more a myriad of tiny issues I have with him that makes me just sort of not love him. He's too careful, he's too bland, he walks all over Bella, and she just sort of sits there and lets him. Now granted, Beau is pretty much the same as Bella, and Edythe is essentially Edward, but she was different enough that I didn't develop the same distaste for her. She's also female… I'm a guy, and I really, really like fiction that puts a lead female character in a position of power. Now you can say the same thing about Victoria from the original books, sure, but to me she was just sort of following a path, with no real characterization, just another force to be dealt with. Edythe on the other hand we learn a lot about. She's a well-rounded character, but then again to me she shares some of Edward's more irritating flaws – she's overbearingly protective, and again too careful to me. Now my favorites in the vampire genre are the Underworld movie series, the Blade movie series, the novel Thirst by Christopher Pike, and the TV show The Vampire Diaries (of which my favorite character has to be Damon). If you go look at all those titles, you're going to see a marked difference from the Twilight universe. You're going to see far less focus on romance and much more blood and gore. No I'm not really a horror fan, but to me vampires are deadly. They're dangerous, hard to control, and kill people . Frequently. Meyer paints a very pretty picture of a family of vampire do-gooders, and while I love them all, and seriously enjoy the concept of an inherently good character derived out of a bad one (seriously, Damon Salvatore), what I think Twilight, its sequels, and Life and Death all lack, to me – and I'm sure it's because I'm that odd male Twilight fan and I'm weird – is darkness. We all have it in us, and with vampires it's closer to the surface than in any human. Meyer does allude to it and bring it out for a breather every once in a while (the mirror room scene, the first meadow scene, etc.) but it's sort of overshadowed in favor of the overarching love story. I would much rather have a Twilight universe where that predatory nature, that feral side, that darkness, is much closer to the surface of our favorite vampire. I would have liked to see exactly how dark Edward or Edythe could go. One of the early lines of Life and Death has Edythe telling Beau how she spent their first class together imagining hundreds of ways to kill him, and I wish there was more of that. Honestly the whole "mind over matter" thing to me is far less interesting than writing her having to constantly struggle with the part of her that imagines killing him every time she lays eyes on him. The scenes where she's bolting twenty feet across the room because of one little careless action are my favorites. They're my favorites because they show that darker nature for what it is instead of simply masking it over, but to me those scenes don't go far enough. I still don't want Beau ending up dead or Edythe having to live with killing him, don't get me misconstrued - although it'd make an interesting short fic. I wish we could have taken a look into the years Edythe spent rebelling, and I wish she was just slightly less put together under her human facade. Still the same person, still Meyer's Edythe Cullen, just… rougher, more fun, edgier, and less worrisome. I'd like to think she ignores her vampiric side so much, spends so much time suppressing it, that she doesn't really understand its intricacies as well as she thinks. So that's what I intend on doing here. I'm going to start with a drabble or two, just to get my head into it, and get back to actually writing things, and if I like what I create, and it's received well, I'll consider writing Life and Death the way I imagined each scene in my head after reading it. Unfortunately, because it's my version , and not a completely separate story, plagiarism is likely to be a thing. I'll try not to copy things wholesale, but to preserve the feeling and the flow of the story, some parts must be very similar. If there's one thing I hate and can turn me off a particular fic faster than anything else, it's bad flow, making the fic feel completely devoid of its inspiration. Oh, and I'm making some minor changes that are more in-line with how I perceive vampires, as well as a couple other tiny indulgences because I can play god with this story all I want. To me, vampires have fangs, for example. I understand Meyer's view being "they're not needed" and I agree. But then she doesn't need a lot of other things, so why not have a little fun and make her, at least in my mind, an actual apex predator. I'm not sure if she's still going to sparkle – I don't mind it so much but I think there's a lot of fun to be had with other more traditional things. EDIT: Based on getting a couple positive reviews and my own giddiness, I've decided to turn this into a full fic instead of just drabbles. I'm going to attempt to rewrite the whole story as I see fit. So, I'm backfilling the story up to my original first scene, and then continuing on. Some scenes from the original will be similar, many will not. Chapter 1 October 17, 2015 I flew down the road with my windows rolled down. I was going a little faster than I suppose was absolutely necessary, but this was the home stretch on my longest trip to date. Even with the overcast, the seventy-five degree air felt just right whistling around the Mustang's interior. My car had air conditioning, sure, but with where I was headed to for the foreseeable future, things weren't going to get much warmer than this, so I was enjoying it while it lasted. In the Olympic Peninsula of northwest Washington State, a small town names Forks exists under a perpetual overcast. It rains in this little town more than anywhere else in the entire country. It was from this little town that my mother escaped from with me in tow, only a few months old. It was in this town that I'd spent a month nearly every summer, and it was to this little town I was headed towards. My plan was to spend the next two years here, until my graduation. "You don't have to do this," my mom had said to me –for the final time- just before I had left. She had made it sound as if I were exiling myself to live with my dad in Forks. Truth was, I didn't honestly mind it. Granted, I was doing this mainly for her benefit, but to me finishing high school was just yet another step down the road, and it didn't really matter where I did it. I had loved Phoenix. I loved the sun and the dry heat and the city lights at night, but mostly I'd loved living with my mom, where I felt I was needed. But I didn't really mind the idea of living with Charlie – my dad, either. He'd been living alone since my mom had left with me all those years ago, and he was honestly more like me than my mom had ever been – quiet, relatively independent, and simple. "I want to go," I had told her truthfully, though she didn't believe me. She never could stand Forks. It was one of the biggest contributing factors to us leaving back then. She needed the hustle and bustle of the big city to keep her feeling centered, I suppose. But was leaving my mom to fend for herself really the right thing to do? It seemed like it was during the months I'd struggled toward this decision. But I didn't feel so sure now. Of course, having Phil in and around her life meant that she'd have someone other than me to hold it together, which was an honest sigh of relief. After juggling her life, my work, and my school around in circles for almost three years now, I was happy to finally be taking a bit of a breather from it. "Tell Charlie I said hi when you get there." "I will." "I'll see you soon," she promised. "You can always come back home if you change your mind." I knew I wouldn't. I've always been like my dad in that regard – we both tend to make our choices and stand behind them, no matter the outcome. "Don't worry about me," I insisted. "It'll be great. I love you, Mom." She hugged me on the front porch steps for a minute, and then I had turned and walked to my car, pulled out of the driveway of her small house, and she was gone. It's a very long drive from Phoenix to Forks – roughly three days of driving, if you're not a nut and you pace yourself. Originally my mom had gone on and on about taking a nice, comfortable plane ride up to Seattle, but she'd eventually caved when I told her I'd be damned if I was going to leave my prized possession – the car I'd spent two years working after school to be able to afford, at her house while I was fifteen hundred miles away. The thought of my pride and joy just sitting there for two years was simply not acceptable. She'd worried about me going this far on my own, as was her custom, but I loved driving, unlike her. Of course the Mustang wasn't exactly a great economy car, which meant that this little venture had taken a fairly large chunk of my small savings since the car's purchase to get up here. This meant that finding some sort of work besides school in Forks was essential to keeping me as independent as I liked to be, but that could wait a few days. Charlie had honestly been pretty decent about the whole affair. He seemed genuinely excited that I'd be spending more than just a week or two with him over the next two years, and he'd told me over the phone last night that he'd already got me registered in at the local high school. It would however be slightly awkward, at least at first. Neither of us were very extroverted, we'd both let my mother be enough of that for the both of us. But we both did enjoy the outdoors – one of his major reasons for keeping his roots so solidly in Forks. Back then my mom had just… needed me more. As I rolled past the Forks limits, it started drizzling. I supposed it was inevitable at some point. At least I wouldn't have to try to keep the car clean while I was here. I silently said my goodbyes to the sun and rolled up my windows. Charlie's cruiser was sitting at the station, and as I drove past its headlights came on and it quickly pulled out in behind me. This didn't