WARNING : If you are under the age of 18, you are advised to please leave this page now. This story has course language, adult material and graphic themes. DISCLAIMER : If you hadn't noticed, most characters belong to SM, we just play around with them for our own, and people's, entertainment. A/N: This will be a multi-chapter story, so we hope you stick around and enjoy the ride. We do always appreciate some positive and/or constructive criticism through reviews or PMs! Edward 1. Caught I managed to pull my arm from under my comforter and open my eyes wide enough to look my phone. I shut off my alarm that I set last night. I groaned at the realization that yet another day of my life was starting while I was still pathetic, lonely, and deeply buried in the closet. Despite how much I had looked forward to this glorious, life-altering day, I woke up feeling like taking a gun to my head and pulling the trigger. And it was all because of my parents. Well, it was a lot easier to blame them rather than adding more shit to the list of things I hated about Jasper, which had been growing slowly but surely, at the back of my mind for several years. I'd been living in Forks my entire life, and always been fairly satisfied with it. I didn't mind the pale skin I, and many other people, had as a cause of the constant grey weather. My childhood had been uneventfully normal – below average normality even. My family had over the years become the definition of a lame cliché. My mom was the owner of a clothing store, which featured several of her own clothing lines, in the center of Port Angeles, and my dad had his own lawyer office for people who needed a divorce. His business was quickly increasing my parents' income, which I won't complain about at all, but it meant I had to go to the best university in the state like a good, smart boy so my dad had something new to brag about to his acquaintances and clients. I was almost worried he'd promise me away to some sad, divorced, rich woman's daughter just to earn some money. But that was just the extreme worst case scenario. I hoped. The only one to break the ice of my monotone life had been my best friend, Rosalie. She and her family – including her awful whore of a brother, Jasper – had moved to Forks when Rose and I were ten years old and Jasper eleven. I had been absolutely fascinated by both of their natural charm and honey-gold hair. But then reality kicked in and I realized what an arrogant attention whore Jasper really was. But Rosalie kept amazing me with her kindness. We easily became the best of friends; our friendship completely platonic through our pre-teen years. But as high school came and passed by, even our parents had started to become suspicious as to why our relationship hadn't naturally grown into more. But the thing just was… I was absolutely one hundred percent gay. We'd both come to that realization together during the summer after we finished tenth grade. E Rose and I were both lying on our backs, heads to hips, on the floor in my basement on a Wednesday afternoon. It was the only place we could get some peace from both our families and be able to chit-chat freely without the fear of being overheard. Rosalie let out a sudden melodic laugh, and I turned my head in question. "Jasper just texted me. He said, 'She won't even give me her number!' then drew a crying face. Her name is Mary, he's been trying to get to her all week. Pathetic." She laughed and I chuckled along with her. " Oh! I almost forgot to tell you; I bought our tickets to the semi-formal dance!" I sat up and clapped my hands together in excitement. I practically jumped at every chance to wear a tux. " Oh finally!" she sat up too, "And I've been meaning to tell you; I found a really cute dress store that's in a mall in Port Angeles, I was wondering If you'd come with me and check it out...?" She looked up at me with her steely blue eyes through her eyelashes and flashed me her white glistening teeth, as if I could say no to a question like that. " Of course I'll come," I gave her my brightest smile as I thought about going shopping with Rose. It was difficult, but at the end it was definitely fun. I'd always found the world of girl stuff kind of fascinating. We continued to talk and waited for my mom to come home in order to get a ride to the mall. E " SO! What do you think? " Rosalie twirled around, her shiny blonde her dancing down her back. This was the fifth dress store we'd entered today, and I was starting to feel tired. " It's beautiful, Rose. The red is really vibrant, but it totally compliments your skin tone." She huffed, "Edward! This one is blue!" I looked up at her annoyed expression, "What? Rose, you've tried on about fifty dresses today! At this point all of them look the same to me!" " Fine, Edward. I'm sorry for fishing for some compliments." She shut the door to the fitting room. I rolled my eyes at my personal drama queen and walked out of the store to wait for her by a bench. I always felt bad when I offended her or didn't pay attention to her. It had always been one of those things I struggled with – paying attention. I was easily distracted, and this was about the one millionth time Rose got annoyed with me because of it. After spotting her walking up to me I stood up and pulled her into a hug. She was a couple of inches shorter than me, and the perfect height for me to wrap my arms around her shoulders. I liked having her in my arms. In my head I became her protector, and had always done my best to fulfill that role; it made me feel useful. Having my arms wrapped around her had always felt so naturally comfortable. "Hey, I'm sorry for being insensitive." " You're not," she chided. " Well, may be a little bit. But you have to know that you are beautiful. And you don't need to fish for compliments because you know you break necks when you walk into a room." She lifted her head to smirk at me. "I know," " So, we're good?" " Yup." I smiled and went to pull away so we could continue shopping. She kept her tight hold on me though, and I giggled. "Uhm, wanna let me go now?" I turned back to see her looking at me as if she were considering something strange yet new. I tried to laugh easily to lighten the mood. "What?" I smiled nervously, and tried to wrestle my way out of her grip once again. " You know, sometimes I think you only come shopping with me because you like looking at the dresses more than watching me try them on." Her tone turned playfully accusing and I suddenly felt uncomfortable in her tight embrace. My mind started spinning and I feared what she would say next. I wished she would stop talking now, so I wouldn't have to hear the word. I knew she was going to say it now. Rose wasn't the kind of person who would hold back with her thoughts. She was exactly opposite. "W-what do you mean? Of course I like watching you shop. I mean, you're beautiful, any guy would follow-" " Yes, but Edward!" she cut me off and I realized I was about to start rambling again. That was the second sign that usually occurred whenever I get nervous; the first sign being the extremely embarrassing girly blush that seemed to love invading my face during the worst possible times. Right now I was already past a simple heated up cheek. Fuck. Her next sentence cleared my head out of its trance though. "I've been rubbing my boobs all over you for the past five minutes! And you don't even seem to notice!" My heart started beating furiously and my eyes danced around in their sockets, refusing to look at her. I didn't want her to look into my eyes and see the truth all played out in the depths of them, as she seemed to always do. " Edward, are you gay?" Fuck. That word. There was no going back now – she'd said my name and the word in the same sentence. I literally started feeling the sweat forming and dripping down my neck. I felt her arms tighten around me when I tried to move away, this time with a lot more force. I suddenly felt confined to my own skin and couldn't stand being in the crowded hall way anymore. I used more effort to pull away from Rose as I turned to make a run for it and heard her gasp in surprise. Why was she surprised? She should be disgusted. Maybe even scared of me. I'd always known this would happen. She was going to find out and break up with me. Hell, we weren't even together in the first place. She was going to smile politely, tell me I was a nice guy, but not the one for her. I knew it. I wanted to slap myself, wishing the hit would switch something off in my head, and make me constantly stare at her boobs. So many things would be easier for me if I could actually do that. I wouldn't lose Rose... maybe it would even bring us closer. However, as much as I hated it, I had to face reality eventually, and it was ugly and scary as hell. I pushed and shoved my way through the crowd. It kept growing and growing the more I ran and I started to feel claustrophobic. I needed to get out. I needed to be alone. My legs kept carrying me forward as I heard several people grunting and calling out in anger as I pushed through the mob of humans. I heard my name being repeated by Rosalie but it became distant. Finally, I spotted a door that led to the parking lot and I started to run even faster. I flung myself through the door and outside into the open space. I greeted the fresh air and sunlight with bliss, but kept on walking down the sidewalk until I found a bench and threw myself down onto it. It wasn't after I'd brought my hands to my face and felt wetness that I realized tears were streaming down my flushed cheeks. Fuck! Why was I crying! Shit! I wiped my face frantically with the hem of my shirt and tried to force myself to calm down. My brain was racing at a hundred miles per second and I couldn't make sense of any thoughts going on. My head started to throb and I heard my heart beating in my ears. Then it suddenly leapt into my throat as I heard Rosalie shout my name in concern. I felt her slouch down next to me and my body immediately curled up into a ball, my arms hugging my knees tightly. " Edward, are you alright?" I tried to open my mouth and use my voice to tell her that I was fine; that she could leave if she wanted to. But my throat was knotted up and no sound came out. I felt mentally and physically paralyzed. My eyes had dried and I was staring blankly at the cars moving with lightning speed about a yard ahead of us.