A/N This is my entry for round 2 of the Quidditch league and my first ever time writing Severus and Hermione. Thank you so much to ElenaTria for allowing me to use her wonderful image as my cover art. Check out her profile on Deviant Art if you like Severus or Lucius (full link in my profile). Round 2: Where are we going Team: Pride of Portree Position: Chaser 1 Location: Beauxbatons Word count: 2961 excluding Author's note Prompts : 2: (quote) 'Freedom is still the most radical idea of all.' 14: (word) contagious 15: (quote) 'Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. Hate me because I'm beautiful, smart and rich.' Severus had a bad feeling about this. Which was odd considering the castle he approached looked as if Sleeping Beauty herself had fallen asleep within its rose coloured walls. It was a symphony of delicate towers, suspended walkways, and mullioned windows that twinkled as the bright sunlight reflected off the freshly settled snow. It was the perfect backdrop for this year's Tri-Wizard Tournament. He had learned to be distrustful of beauty. Despite its façade of loveliness, there was something wrong about the castle. Something imperceptible that caused the hair on the back of his neck to prickle and his large nose to twitch. His bad feeling was growing worse by the second. He cursed the girl as he approached the gates. She hadn't been in touch for over a week. Minerva was practically having kittens over the loss of her favourite cub. She had become so insufferable that Severus had been left with no choice but to volunteer to travel to France and check on the girl himself. As if he didn't have better things to do. Despite the inviting warmth of the late afternoon sun, the grounds were empty. No blue uniformed children cavorted across the rolling lawns, no wood nymphs frolicked, and no black garbed Hogwarts students were to be seen. The weight of the castle's wards; multi-layered, deep and complex stopped him in his tracks. He drew his wand and painstakingly began to untangle them. No enchantment could keep out Severus Snape. His dragon hide boots crunched loudly on the silver gravel and he ignored the glittering fountains lining the driveway. His sole focus was the completion of his task and getting back to Hogwarts in time for dinner. Patience was not a virtue he had been blessed with. When his pounding on the studded castle door went unanswered, he waited only a few moments before he shouldered his way into the entrance hallway of Beauxbatons Academy of Magic. Snape was a cautious man. He would not have survived two wizarding wars, oscillating precariously between the sides of light and dark, had he not developed a nose for danger and a keen sense of self preservation. Unfortunately, on this occasion, his senses were dulled by the, almost overwhelming, irritation he felt toward the girl . His need to berate her was foremost in his mind and it led to an uncharacteristic lapse in attention. Which was why he was hit square between the shoulders by a well-aimed stunner. He registered the briefest glimpse of blue robes before he hit the ground. " Ennervate ." The word was thickly accented. He shook his head, simultaneously attempting to clear his vision and to dislodge the dull, clanging ache from his skull. He was surrounded by students, predominately blue robed and female. All beautiful, all staring at him, all brandishing their wands, their expressions universally hostile. "Genevieve, ee iz awake," the same voice which had woken him, now called out. It came from a small, dark haired girl, who stood with her wand tip pressed against his forehead. "Thank you, Celine." An older girl stepped forward. Tall, blonde, and glacially cool, she circled Severus, her arms folded across her chest, her wand clasped loosely between her elegant fingers. He swivelled his head, attempting to keep her in his sights. Something dark and unsettling glittered in her eyes. "Oo are you?" She thrust her face into his and he resisted the urge to flinch away. Her breath was sweet, like chocolate, or recent death. "That is none of your concern Madam, I am here to see the headmistress." "Ze 'eadmistress ez gone. I am in charge now." "And who might you be?" Her eyes flashed with rage and he knew he had misspoken. "I am ze 'ead girl, zat is all you need to know, ugly man." She ran the tip of her wand down his cheek. Severus remained motionless in much the same way as one might when confronted by an angry rhino on a narrow jungle trail. There was something very wrong here. He reminded himself that he had ample experience in dealing with the insane. This stood him in good stead as Genevieve grabbed a handful of his hair and tipped his head backwards, causing the pain in his skull to increase exponentially. "Are you afraid of me, ugly man?" She pressed her face close to his once more, her sweet breath cloying in his nostrils. "Do you hate me?" Abruptly she released him and stood back, fingering her wand. "Don't hate me because I'm beautiful." She ran her wand tip up the length of his body, pressing it against the erratically beating pulse in his neck. "Hate me because I'm beautiful, smart, and rich." She leaned forward, pressing her wand painfully against the tender, scarred flesh. "And I'm going to make you even more ugly." Her lips grazed his ear. "Genevieve, that's quite enough." He had never been more grateful to hear that overbearing tone. Every head in the room swivelled toward Hermione Granger, who stood in the doorway, flanked by several students. "You!" Genevieve was magnificent in her ire as she strode toward Granger. Severus' flicker of concern for the safety of the out-numbered know-it-all was short lived and misplaced. Curses flew, explosions detonated around the room, and he found himself free. He drew his wand and dove into the fray. "Now we run." Granger grabbed his arm and pulled him after her retreating band of students. They ran along endless corridors, up and down numerous flights of stairs and, terrifyingly, across two of the aerial bridges. Twice they were set upon by groups of students, narrowly missing curses as they continued to flee. Finally, when his heart was pounding and his knees were loudly protesting that he was much too old for such activity, they flew through a heavy oak doorway which Granger slammed behind them; two of the students immediately set to warding it. Severus dropped to his knees, heaving in great lungfuls of cold air as he clutched his aching chest. "Professor Granger," he wheezed. "I demand you explain yourself at once." She was leaning against a stack of books. He snorted at this. Trust Granger to take refuge in a library. Her bedraggled appearance aside, she looked most peculiar. Usually she dressed even more prudishly than he, but today she was garbed in baggy muggle jeans and a ripped singlet which displayed more abdomen than he thought appropriate. He squinted, there appeared to be some sort of jewel nestling in her navel. "Didn't you get my patronus?" He dragged his eyes away from her midriff and shook his head. "I sent a patronus to Minerva five days ago, did it not deliver my message?" "I can assure you it did not. Minerva has been beside herself with worry at your lack of communication." "The little bastards must have messed with the wards." There was an element of admiration in her voice. Severus pulled himself to his feet in order to loom over his colleague in his most intimidating manner. "If I have to ask you again, Granger, I will not be responsible for my own actions. What the hell is going on?" "It started about a week ago." Her voice was flat, defeated. "The students became infected with a sort of contagious hysteria. It spread rapidly and by the time we realised what was happening most of the faculty were affected, and it was too late to stop it." "Contagious hysteria?" He pinched the bridge of his nose. She shrugged. "I don't know how else to describe it. A complete lack of impulse control and conscience. That's saying something, since teenagers often act like psychopaths at the best of times. Well, you saw for yourself. " "It's like bloody Lord of the Flies." "It's more Planet Earth," she responded. "Did you see any boys?" He frowned and shook his head. "Where are they?" "A few of them joined Genevieve; there is a rival faction led by Durmstrang's head boy somewhere in the East tower. Most are in the dungeons, though." "The dungeons?" he parroted with an inanity that grated on his own nerves. "In females, the curse manifests primarily as an obsession with physical appearance and exacerbated schoolgirl rivalry. The boys, however, become..." She blushed and looked away. "Er, rather amorous . Genevieve didn't like that and had them confined. They're probably safer down there, away from the girls." Severus nodded thoughtfully. "And why are you not affected, Professor Granger?" "Of course I'm affected," she snapped. "Do you think I normally dress this way?" She gesticulated at her outfit. "My love of contemporary rap music and wish to represent is manifesting in my appearance, and speech. Know what a'hm sayin' yo?" She made a complicated hand gesture before she bent over and took several deep breaths, as if to compose herself. " I at least have a modicum of control, unlike the purebloods. They are completely insane." "And the half-bloods?" He felt a flicker of dread. "The incubation period is longer, but you will eventually succumb." He gave a deep sigh. "How long do I have?" "A few hours at best. Your skill in Occlumency might help." He looked around the room, taking in the rag-tag bunch of students who surrounded them. Several had been part of the Hogwarts contingent Granger had taken to Beauxbatons in order to compete in the Tri-Wizard tournament. A few were dressed in the red of Durmstrang, or the blue of Beauxbatons. "So you are all muggleborn?" he guessed. They nodded in response. "Why didn't you leave?" He returned his gaze to Granger, who looked close to tears. "The wards are not insurmountable, I imagine you could have won your freedom. " "Why didn't you leave during the last war?" She stared him down, her eyes hard. "Freedom is still the most radical idea of all, is it not, Professor? Would I have been truly free if I had abandoned my students for my own safety? I'm the only thing preventing the little monsters out there from killing each other." He avoided her gaze. Granger had always been too smart by half. "So, how do we get out of this mess?" He noticed for the first time how bone-weary the entire group looked. He was taken aback when a student suddenly hurled herself at him. "Oh Professor Snape, I'm so glad you're here. Please hold me in your strong arms!" she wailed, pressing her body against his. Severus had had quite enough of being manhandled by teenaged girls and struggled valiantly to remove her from his person. "Leanne," Granger's voice was firm. "Control yourself. Remember your mantra." Miraculously, the girls' arms dropped from around him. "Go to your cubicle." Granger pointed firmly toward the far end of the library. The girl gave a stifled sob and fled. "All of you." Granger looked around. "Go and meditate…now." She turned back to him as the students scattered. "We feed off each other," she answered his unspoken question. "We're quite rational whilst alone, but the more time we spend together, the more it spreads. It becomes almost impossible to control our impulses." She bent over a nearby table, rummaging through haphazardly stacked piles of paper and books. "I have a formula for a possible cure." She handed him a parchment,