A/N. I need to explain that this fanfic is kind of a fanfic of a fanfic. I read a story a while back where the premise was that Lucius rescued Hermione from a death eater attack in a library, the story developed from there. I really enjoyed it but it didn't go the way I would have chosen, eventually I decided I had to write my own version. I feel really bad though because I can't remember the author of the original story or I would give her a shout out here. If anybody knows please let me know so I can credit her and I hope she doesn't mind because imitation is truly a form of flattery! Also a warning, this story contains scenes of a sexual nature and vague references to torture and rape. Hermione is sixteen in the first scene which is the age of consent in the UK but if that makes you uncomfortable then don't read! And for those who like to know what they are letting themselves in for - there are three chapters - they are all written so the whole story will be posted by the end of the week. She didn't want to die like this. She had never given much thought to her ultimate demise, despite the hair raising situations she had, on occasion found herself in, but she knew with certainty that she had never contemplated ending her days in the fiction section of the British Library. She stifled a near hysterical snort of laughter. She could well imagine that her friends would think it a fitting death. Oh sweet Merlin her friends! What would they say? How would they cope when she simply disappeared and all for a book...a fucking book? The atmosphere at the burrow had been so stiflingly oppressive, the lead up to Bill and Fleur's wedding a battle of wills and wits between Molly Weasley the ultimate home maker and Fleur Delacour seductress supreme. Hermione could see both sides of every argument but even she had grown a little tired of every male in the Weasley house (bar Harry who only had eyes for Ginny) following Fleur around like love sick puppydogs. Nobody will notice . She had told herself firmly. I can just sneak away for a few hours , pick up a few new books and be back in time for the latest argument over the seating plan . She had known that Death Eater attacks were on the increase, that several sites in muggle London had become targets, but she had simply never expected them to attack the British Library and in broad daylight. More fool me. She told herself morosely quietly crawling backwards into the dimly lit classics section. The muted pop of multiple apparitions into a well insulated room had been her first warning of what was to come. She had reacted immediately, drawing back into the shadows whilst all around her her fellow patrons had made their way towards the sounds, like lambs to the slaughter. The death eaters had strode into the main reading room, quickly fanning out to cover the exit, sinister and silent in their black robes and metal masks. The air had crackled with magic as they had sent curses flying indiscriminately. She suspected that their mission was not to kill but to injure. Most of the curses flying were of the brutally maiming variety. She had only heard the occasional Avada Kedavra aimed at young men who had been foolish enough to fight back. This was likely another of Voldemort's intimidatory raids, planned to incite fear into the muggle population and further weaken the power of the ministry in the eyes of the wizarding population. The fallout from this one attack would take weeks of auror time to clear up. Perhaps she should simply make a run for it. There was no way she would make it as far as the heavily guarded doorway but she could hope to be hit by a non-fatal curse from which she would have a chance of recovering. Glancing cautiously around the stack currently hiding her this did not seem like a particularly favourable idea. Despite the non-fatal curses being used several of their victims appeared to have already succumbed to the inevitably fata consequences. If that wasn't bad enough several young woman had been caught by male death eaters, their cries of terror and helpless struggles caused Hermione to retreat even further before she sat up against the shelves closing her eyes and fighting back the hysteria which again threatened to build. Should she risk apparition? She fingered her wand which she had shoved through the loosely formed bun on top of her head, a clever way of concealing it in plain sight when she wanted to move amongst muggles. Whilst her fear of being chastised for underage magic was dampened by the likehood of her imminent demise she was still not competent in apparition, there was a good chance she would splinch herself if she tried it under such extreme circumstances. Hearing another girl cry out she was not sure that death by splinching was such an unattractive prospect. Out of the corner of her eye she saw a flicker of movement. She pressed herself closer to the stack, trying to occupy as small a space as possible. The Death Eater, for it had been one, moved to the stack behind her and she let out a slow, relieved breath. Her relief was short lived though. She could hear them, fanning out amongst the stacks, flushing out other people who had chosen to hide like her. Her discovery was inevitable. She wondered if she could stun the Death Eater behind her, although what advantage that would give her she didn't know. She silently moved to press herself against the other stack and peered carefully over the top of the books on the bottom shelf. She could see his booted feet almost directly opposite where she lay. She would need to approach him from behind. Noting the direction his feet pointed she began to crawl the opposite way, making no sound on the thin carpet. Very cautiously she peeked around the end of the stack carefully removing her wand from her hair. The Death Eater still had his back to her but she recognised him immediately. His hood was down and the waterfall of platinum hair which fell in a single smooth sheet across his back was instantly identifiable. Lucius Malfoy. She pulled back behind the stack. She had no compunctions over stunning Malfoy. He was one of the few death eaters she knew personally and therefore she probably wished to stun him more than most. On the other hand perhaps he might be of more use to her un-stunned. She rapidly thought back over what she knew of the man. He hated her, that went without saying, hated her indiscriminately because of her blood status. Despite that he had never tried to physically harm her before. There had been the small altercation in the department of mysteries of course but his role there had been more as a mediator than a fighter. She had thought she detected an almost paternal tone in the way he spoke to Harry. She and his son took classes together, would he really kill a classmate of his child? She leaned her head up against the wooden end of the bookcase, breathing in slowly through her nose. Mr Malfoy had always been something of an enigma to her. From their very first meeting he had fascinated her. Of course he was rude and bigoted which had immediately repulsed her but at the same time she was drawn to him in the same way that she was drawn to all things magical. As the head of one of wizarding Britain's oldest pureblood families Lucius Malfoy represented so much of what, to her, defined magic. He was also beautiful to look at. His pale pointed face so much stronger than Draco's, his smirking lips sensual and his grey eyes arresting. She gave herself a mental shake. Just because she had slightly ambiguous feeling towards Malfoy that in no way meant that he felt anything less for her than stone cold hatred. But could someone so beautiful really be capable of true evil? There was only one way to find out. Hermione's razor sharp brain had assessed her current predicament from all angles. All variables considered there was no safe way out of the mess she found herself in. All of the strategies open to her came with a degree of risk. For better or for worse she viewed Lucius Malfoy as her best bet. She crawled along the stack until she was level with his feet once more. "Mr Malfoy." Her whisper, intended to be quiet, was not in any way audible. She tried again a little louder. "Mr Malfoy." She heard his feet move and then his cut glass voice, fortunately also lowered to a whisper. "Who's there?" "It's Hermione Granger Sir." She kneeled up and removed a book from the third shelf, slightly improving her view of him. After a moment the corresponding book on his side was also removed and his grey eyes were peering through the bookcase at her. He had removed his mask she saw. "Well, well, well, Miss Granger. What are you doing here?" She wasn't sure if his faintly mocking tone was a positive indicator of her likely success. "I was looking for a book Mr Malfoy." The grey eyes looked briefly heavenward. "Of course you were. What…Unfortunate timing for you Miss Granger." His eyes flicked sideways, there was a disturbance somewhere close by and Hermione heard a woman screaming. "Please Mr Malfoy, you have to help me." She blurted the words out with less finesse than she might have liked. Malfoy clearly thought so too. "I believe you may have misunderstood the situation Miss Granger, I am not in any way obliged to help you." He moved as if to stand up. "No please." Hermione reached through the bookcase towards him. "Please Mr Malfoy. I'm only sixteen, I sit next to Draco in potions sometimes." When Professor Snape wants to punish one of us. "Please, I don't want to die." To her horror tears began to trickle down her face. Malfoy sighed. "You probably won't die, most of the muggles are merely wounded." He sounded completely disinterested, the woman screamed again and Hermione winced. "Please Mr Malfoy, please don't let them hurt me." She looked around her frantically, someone was moving closer. For a moment his face was as still as his mask as his eyes bored into hers, then he huffed out a brief sigh. "Very well." Without further warning he whipped out his wand from its customary home in his snake topped cane and with a well placed "reducto" blasted the bookshelf out of his way. Hermione was thrown backwards by the blast and landed rather ignominiously on her backside her legs splayed in front of her. She quickly pulled down the hem of her summer dress to cover her exposed skin, Malfoy appeared not to notice as he grabbed her roughly by the wrist and hauled her body against his own, her back flush against his front. Hermione gave a gasp. She had never really thought about how Lucius Malfoy might feel under his ostentatious robes but now she knew. He felt hard and hot and very very masculine. And his left arm was wrapped very tightly around her throat, she struggled a little. "Can't breathe." She hissed, clawing at his fingers. "If you can talk you can breathe." He snapped, his free hand patting down her body in a way which sent of little sparks of awareness shooting down into her belly. "Where's your wand?" "In my hair." "Of course." He plucked her wand out of the bun and she felt him move away momentarily as he tucked it into his