A/N The idea for this one-shot popped into my head as I was making falafels last week. I'm not sure if it's intriguing or actually quite boring! I'd like to say a big thanks to Zeeksmom who gave me a lot of pointers regarding punctuation last week. I've tried very hard to punctuate this fic correctly, but I am definitely still a beginner... I'm sure you all noticed the very sexy cover art on this fic. It's courtesy of Elena Tria on Deviant Art. Thank you so much for letting me use your image. Anyone who likes Lucius, Severus, Captain Hook or Jareth (all my favourites) should check out her wonderful gallery over on deviant art. There's a link in my bio - this image is called Put the blame on Lucius, girls! The mudblood was in his kitchen, and she was cooking. Lucius blinked a few times as if the simple action of lowering and raising his eyelids might erase the horrific imagine forever. No. She was still there, in his kitchen, still cooking. He had known that she and Draco were friends. They had been the only two students from their year to return to Hogwarts to sit their NEWTS. Draco had gravitated towards the girl, much to Lucius' disapproval. Apparently, she had been kind to him, offered him friendship and support as he had struggled to find his place in wizarding society. Lucius had thought the friendship was designed entirely to spite him, but he had tolerated it. The Malfoy name was looking rather tarnished these days, and nothing glittered quite like a member of the golden trio. Besides, Narcissa had told him not to interfere. That didn't mean that he had to put up with the girl in his kitchen though, handling his Sabatier knives, and chopping…..well he wasn't quite sure what she was chopping, that wasn't the point. Of course, she could have been living permanently in his kitchen and he, most likely, would not have noticed. He didn't think he had actually entered the cavernous room since he and Narcissa had christened the table, some time back in the late seventies. He was only here now because Narcissa, hell bent on redeeming herself through the medium of charitable works, had taken all of the house elves off to London to cater for some benefit she was throwing. Lucius was not following her down this particular route. As far as he was concerned she could walk the road to redemption alone. He was quite happy lurking around the freshly decorated manor, reading rare and obscure texts from his overstocked library, and drowning himself in tea. Tea! That was what had brought him here in the first place. He was parched. He had put up with the burning thirst for as long as he could. Finally, he had succumbed. He would bloody well make a pot himself, how difficult could it be? It would have been a lot easier if Draco and his hideous houseguest were not already occupying the kitchen. Neither of them had noticed him, and he hovered in the doorway as he tried to decide whether to abandon his mission. There was plenty of brandy in his study, surely that would suffice. No dammit, he wanted tea! His gaze was drawn once more to the mudblood. In truth, it was only her pedigree that was unpleasant. The rest of her was rather appealing. That monstrous mane of hair, which had once reminded him of a particularly unkempt Old English sheepdog, was pinned up on top of her head. The style was haphazard, with wispy curls trickling down her neck and bobbing up and down with the force of her rapid chopping. She was wearing those horrible muggle trousers, what were they called? Ah yes, jeans. Whilst they offended him on principle, they cupped her buttocks rather provocatively, and the strings of the apron she wore highlighted the narrowness of her waist. Merlin's beard, was he actually sexualising the woman? He had known he was frustrated, but this was too much to bear. He would have a firm talk with Narcissa when she returned, his enforced celibacy was driving him to distraction. He was so irritated by the treacherous direction of his thoughts that he strode into the room, all ideas of hiding himself away in his study forgotten. "Father." Draco spun around to face him. His son was also wearing an apron, and wielding a rather impressive knife of his own. "Draco," Lucius greeted him coolly. He ignored the mudblood who had turned to look at him, her wide brown eyes flicking nervously between him and his son. "I didn't expect to see you down here." Draco's expression was defiant. "Evidently not." Lucius allowed his disparaging gaze to run over the girl's unmoving form, she stiffened a little. He turned his back on them both, rummaging through the cupboards in search of tea. He could feel his son's displeased stare impaling him right between the shoulder blades. The girl gave a soft cough, and he heard the dull thud of the knife on the wooden board as she resumed her cutting. Moments later, the sound of another knife joined hers. "You need to chop them more finely than that." Her voice was soft, melodic. "You're as bad as Snape," Draco complained. His chopping grew faster. The girl huffed out a soft laugh. "I shall take that as a compliment. Now you're mincing them, don't drag your blade across them. Here, I'll show you." Lucius lowered his head and glanced over his shoulder. The girl had placed her hand over Draco's and was showing him how to angle the knife. "Couldn't we just use magic?" There was a whiney note to his son's voice, it set Lucius' teeth on edge. The mudblood seemed more tolerant. "Magic doesn't prepare them as well. You want this to be perfect don't you?" Draco didn't answer but the chopping continued and Lucius surmised that, whatever he was doing, Draco did indeed wish it to be perfect. He dropped a tin of something onto the floor and cursed as it bounced off his foot. "What exactly are you doing Father?" Draco turned away from the worktop once more. "I'm making a cup of tea," Lucius responded haughtily. Although he still hadn't located the bloody leaves, let alone a cup and saucer. "Tea!" Draco's face brightened. "I'd love a cup, make me one too, would you?" "Of course." Lucius bit back his retort, Narcissa had instructed him to be nice to their son, and nice he would be. "Hermione?" Draco asked. The girl looked once more between Draco and his father. "I'd love some thank you, Lapsang souchong, if you have it." As she spoke his hand closed over the box of leaves. There were several types of tea in the cupboard and he felt a petty urge to deny the existence of her preferred blend. Instead, he merely slammed the caddy down on the worktop without responding. As he searched for the strainer Draco and the mudblood began to converse. "Next we need to blend the chickpeas." "Ok, I've got the chickpeas, how do we blend them?" "In a..." Her voice tailed off, and once more Lucius could not prevent himself from looking over at her. She was pressing a finger to her lips thoughtfully. "I use a muggle blender." She looked around the kitchen, carefully avoiding the part of the room in which Lucius stood. "But if a kitchen as well stocked as this doesn't have one then your flat certainly won't." She tapped that finger against her lips once more. "Let's try this shall we." She muttered an incantation he couldn't quite hear, and flicked her wand. The yellow beans in the bowl Draco held began to jump as they were pulverised by an invisible force. "How did you do that?" Draco had jumped too when the beans began to move, and quickly placed the bowl on the worktop. Hermione smiled. "I combined a charm I made up for crushing potions ingredients with one Arthur Weasley uses for cutting grass." She eyed the, still vibrating, mixture. "It seems to have worked rather well. I'll write it down for you before I go." Lucius hid his face in the cupboard once more. He absolutely did not want his look of surprise and admiration to be seen. She was how old? Twenty? No, she was older than Draco. Twenty-one perhaps. How many twenty-one -year-old witches could come up with a new charm at the drop of a hat? Even if it were for something as domestic as crushing chickpeas. He wondered what exactly she and Draco were doing. His son had moved into a flat in London in preparation for starting university that autumn. He had refused the services of a house elf, and Lucius had assumed that the boy would simply eat out or return home when he required sustenance. Evidently not. "Ok, now add the onion, garlic and parsley. Watch your fingers!" There was an element of alarm in her voice. "I don't know what that charm would do to your body parts." "Probably best not to find out." Draco sounded amused. "What's next?" Lucius found a teapot and used his wand to fill it with boiling water. He measured out the leaves and placed them in the strainer before carrying the pot to the scrubbed wooden table in the centre of the kitchen. He took a seat, waiting for the beverage to steep. "Now you add the spices...No Draco not that much cardamom, you don't want them to taste like cake." "It smells amazing," Draco reported, bending over the mixture. To Lucius' surprise, the girl pulled him forcefully backwards. "That will be the last thing you ever smell if my charm cuts off your nose," she reprimanded him. Draco grinned in response, and Lucius was struck by their easy camaraderie. When had Draco ever smiled at him like that? "Now the fun part." She was smiling too, a small dimple had appeared in one cheek. "It makes me nervous when you say that." She rolled her eyes and flicked her wand over the ingredients, they obediently stilled. "Take some of the mixture out and form it into a ball with your hands. You can put them on… this tray." As she spoke she stretched sideways to reach across the worktop. Her checked shirt rode up at the back exposing a brief sliver of flesh, it was gone as quickly as it had appeared. Draco made a sound of disgust as he plunged his hands into the bowl. The girl laughed again and placed her fingers lightly on his arm. "Sorry ferret, the things you do for love, right?" "Right," Draco muttered, as he moulded the balls and placed them onto the waiting baking sheet. Reluctantly, feeling like an intruder in his own home, Lucius cleared his throat. "How do you take your tea, Miss Granger?" Until he had opened his mouth to speak he had not known he would address her so politely. He had considered simply ignoring her request and serving himself and Draco. He had considered leaving the kitchen altogether, in order to avoid interacting with her. He had not, for one second, considered treating her as an equal, and a guest in his home. It wasn't nearly as difficult as he might have thought. The girl spun to face him. A stain of colour appeared across her cheeks and she went from being relaxed and graceful to gauche and uncertain. "Just black please, Mr Malfoy, if it's not too much trouble." "It's no trouble." As he poured the fragrant liquid into one of Narcissa's bone china cups and carried it across the room to where she stood, frozen and staring, he realised that it wasn't. Her fingers trembled as she took the saucer from him, and the cup rattled slightly, tea sloshing into the saucer. She spun around and placed the cup and