A/N I think I'm supposed to write some sort of disclaimer - along the lines of I don't own any of these characters and they are all owned by JK Rowling and I am totally not making any money from this - but I am having so much fun, I hope that is allowed. This story contains graphic sex scenes and a lot of crude language so please don't read it if you are likely to be offended by such things or are under eighteen. Lucius Malfoy had been fucking Hermione Granger for several months now. Whilst fully cognisant of his many flaws Lucius did not consider himself to be a vulgar man, nonetheless he could see no better way in which to articulate his relationship, such as it was, with the undeniably delectable Miss Granger. It had started in the unlikely setting of a Hogwarts board of governors meeting. Lucius had not been particularly surprised to see Miss Granger there. She had moved through the ranks of the ministry like a hot knife through butter and at twenty five was tipped to become not just the first female minister for magic but the youngest ever to boot. That she had somehow bulldozed her way into the old boys club of the Hogwarts board was simply further evidence of her temerity. Her presence had made the meeting slightly less dull than usual. Lucius had allowed his eyes to roam over her figure as she heatedly debated the need for scholarships for muggle born students. She had grown up and outwards since the war. Her childhood scrawniness had been replaced by some frankly lush curves he noted, although her demure black robes hid her assets rather better than he would have liked. Her previously bushy hair was now a mane of shiny ringlets surrounding the still pleasantly delicate features of her face. He indulged himself most in admiring her lips. Her mouth was small and frequently opened to spew forth intensely irritating pro-muggle propaganda. Lucius much preferred to imagine what those soft pink lips would look like were they parted lovingly around his hard cock. Eventually the force of his scrutiny broke through even Miss Granger's thick skin and she glanced across at him. Seeing his eyes on hers she returned his appraisal her brown eyed gaze running over his form, assessing him as he had her. Lucius was not discomfited. Despite being well into his wizarding middle age he knew he still looked as good as he had done in his twenties. If Miss Granger wished to feast her eyes on him then who was he to stop her? He was surprised when her appraisal ended abruptly. She looked away, a faint blush staining her cheeks. He waited impatiently for the meeting to end then strode out of the building only to linger at the apparition point outside the gates of the castle. Miss Granger took her sweet time; finally slipping through the gates waving a cheerful goodbye to the dreadful half giant groundskeeper Minerva seemed so unwilling to get rid of. As soon as Hagrid's back was turned Lucius stepped into view. Miss Granger hesitated, eyeing him warily before stepping within touching distance. Neither of them spoke. Lucius simply grabbed her and apparated straight into Malfoy Manor. He fucked her on her hands and knees on the cool marble tiles of his hallway. Such was the urgency of their coupling that it was only her dripping wetness and the fact that she came almost as soon as he entered her that confirmed she had truly wanted him. His own orgasm ripped through him almost as quickly as hers and before he knew it they were on their feet again. Miss Granger straightened her robes, breathing a little heavily, gave him a gracious nod and disapparated. Lucius had thought it a one off. A delicious interlude in what had become a mundane life. Since Narcissa had left him his sexual appetite had receded and the re-awakening of his libido at the hands of Miss Granger was not wholly welcome. He did not enjoy waking up each morning with a raging hard on. He could not remember when he had last been forced to masturbate in the shower in order to appear decent by breakfast and he did not appreciate his member's new and unwelcome habit of swelling at random times throughout the day at the memory of Miss Granger's hot, wet cunt. Despite his new ardour, on encountering Miss Granger in the ministry hallways the following week he ignored her as pointedly as she ignored him. Of course his cock was not as subtle as the rest of him and sprang to attention pointing toward her like a divining rod. Lucius ignored it in much the same way that he ignored the mudblood. He concluded his meetings as quickly as possible, longing to get home to Malfoy Manor and the oblivion of a bottle of firewhisky and his own hand. He had not been home long when he felt the wards surrounding his house flicker. Somebody was outside the gates. Ordinarily he would have sent a house elf to investigate but, seized by sudden hope he made his own way down the perimeter of his grounds where he saw Miss Granger leaning against the gates with a deliberate look of insouciance. They did not even make it through the gates this time. He lifted her robes and plunged into her, pressing her back against the metal bars enjoying the sound of the gates clanking along with her visceral wails of pleasure. It took her longer to come this time but as soon as she did the tight walls of her sex milked his own orgasm from him and he emptied himself into her, biting into the soft flesh of her neck. He held her there for a minute, her back against the gates, her legs wrapped around his waist, her flesh still pulsing around him. Time was briefly frozen before she pressed small but insistent hands against his chest and he stepped back, releasing her. Her robes fell around her as if nothing had happened and once more she disapparated leaving Lucius wondering if the whole thing had been a fantasy. The interlude had lasted less than five minutes. The following week found Lucius outside the door of her depressing muggle flat. Bribery and intimidation had easily provided her address but he had been standing outside her residence, uncertain of his welcome for several minutes. Finally he had summoned one of the better bottles of wine from his cellar and knocked firmly on the door. Miss Granger had not been swift to answer and had opened the door dressed only in a whimsical silk dressing gown which clung to her not quite dry body suggesting to Lucius he had called her out of the bath. She stood frozen in the doorway until Lucius took matters into his own hands and strode past her into the flat. It was small and dominated by books. He took little interest in the surroundings. "The bedroom?" He asked, not unaware that this was the first time he had directly addressed her. She pointed wordlessly to a doorway on one side of the room. He swept through it taking in a good sized, white painted room with a surprisingly large and ornate double bed. He placed the bottle of wine on her cluttered dressing table and dropped his outer robes to the floor. Turning impatiently he was just in time to see Miss Granger step through the doorway. She looked at him steadily for a long moment before her hands went to the sash of her dressing gown and she allowed it to fall to the floor. Fucking her on the bed was a revelation. She came three times before he granted her any respite. Afterwards they lay together, sticky with their own and each other's sweat. Eventually Lucius felt his skin begin to chill and he sat up looking around for his clothes. Miss Granger, half asleep had placed a gentle hand on his forearm. "Stay." Her first word to him. He was surprised when he obeyed the command. He drew the covers over the two of them and promptly fell asleep. He woke up once during the night to debauch her further, fucked her hard around six am and apparated home in time to clean up for his morning meeting with his financial advisor. Since then he had been something of a regular visitor at Miss Granger's residence. She liked to be fucked hard with little finesse and less foreplay. The more selfish Lucius was the quicker she came. He wrung her orgasms from her, pounding hard against her cervix her cries of pain and pleasure indistinguishable. Occasionally he would torment her with slow measured strokes until she screamed, scratched and bit extolling him to fuck her harder. It was one of the few times she spoke to him. He visited several times a week usually arriving just as she was about to retire and fucking her into unconsciousness for the night. Once he had arrived to find her still cooking dinner, finding her engaged in an act of domesticity had confused him for a moment. She was wearing muggle jeans and an apron. He had shaken off his disquiet at seeing her clothed and had placed her cooking under a stasis charm before stripping off the hideous (but remarkably alluring) trousers, lifting her onto the cold granite worktop and fucking her until she screamed. After they were finished she had calmly replaced her jeans and proceeded to serve them both dinner which they ate in silence. Her cooking was excellent even better than that of his house elves. After dinner they read quietly, Lucius finding several texts on her bookshelves not contained even within his extensive and much lauded library. Later they retired to bed and he fucked her again. He did not repeat the dinner incident too frequently. Fucking a mudblood was one thing, allowing her to regularly cook for him was quite another. Although her cooking was exceptionally good and he could not help it if he was a poor time keeper and had a tendency to arrive earlier than he planned. One evening his knock on her door went unanswered. He had furrowed his brow in consternation. She had never failed to grant him access before and she had not informed him of any plans to be absent. He had set to work removing her wards. They were adequate but no match for his skills. The muggle lock took longer to master. Finding the bottle of wine they had never got round to drinking he had poured himself a glass and settled down to wait with one of her books. It had been almost midnight when she returned; strolling into the living room clad in a figure hugging black dress. Lucius was well acquainted with the lines of her body by this time but still he took a moment to appreciate the swell of her breasts against the clinging, low cut fabric and the long, slender lines of her legs beneath the short skirt. Her eyes widened when she saw him reclining in her only armchair, legs crossed and glass of wine still in hand. "What are you doing here?" Her voice held only curiosity. He raised an eyebrow. "Waiting for you." "Oh." She placed a small handbag on the coffee table. "I had a date." He raised the other eyebrow, slowly putting down his glass while he considered this new development. Finally he looked around exaggeratedly. "Did you bring him home?" Miss Granger shook her head. "It was a first date." She emphasised. "I don't follow." She sighed. "I don't fuck on the first date." Lucius considered this, their longest conversation to date as he fastidiously marked his place in the text on hieroglyphics and their influence on ancient runes. Finally he gave a lazy flick of his