This was written for marycontrary82 in the Spring Fling Gift Exchange. You should check out her new story Kindling if you haven't already. Thanks to my wonderful beta Court81981 for being so awesome and patient with me. She is also a very talented author so feel free to check out A Favorable Wind and Windfall . You can find me on tumblr under survivewithoutanyone. It took Snow two days to convince Peeta to do a televised interview with Caesar. Peeta was cautious of Snow but he wasn't intimidated by him and now that Peeta knew District 13 did in fact exist, he was reasonably certain Katniss was out of harm's way. After all, if the residents in District 13 were able to survive a bombing 75 years ago then he imagined Katniss would surely be safe there now. The rest of Peeta's family had already been killed with the other residents of District 12. Peeta and Johanna had a lot more in common these days. There wasn't anyone left for Snow to take from him either. Snow promised to allow Katniss to return home to Peeta, sparing her life, if he did the interview. Once Peeta did what Snow wanted, they were much less accommodating to him. Rather than three meals a day, they fed him only daily. But before he could receive that one meal, Peeta first had to suffer through his daily beating. Peacekeepers would chain Peeta to a railing in his cell while they whipped him several times, assaulting him with questions they already knew he didn't have the answers to. Peeta hardly flinched when they hit him with the whip. Not even sticks and stones fazed Peeta much anymore. Being malnourished was taking a toll, and Peeta was becoming weaker each day. His nightmares worsened, and he'd wake up crying out for Katniss and thrashing around on his bed. Snow forced Peeta to watch as they electrocuted Lavinia and beat and quartered Darius. He gaped while they burned Portia to death; he didn't want to but each time he closed his eyes, trying not to look, they would dump hot water over his head. They forced Peeta to do two more interviews, threatening to kill Johanna and Annie while he watched helplessly if he didn't cooperate. After the last interview when Peeta gave Snow's plan away, not caring what happened to him so long as Katniss was safe, they began altering his memories of his precious Katniss. First they played on his fear of Katniss loving Gale more than Peeta. They injected him with tracker jacker venom and forced him to watch a video of Katniss and Gale kissing in the woods in District 12 against a tree. Peeta knew about this kiss; he knew Katniss didn't reciprocate her feelings for Gale any more than she did for him, but over the hours that Peeta was forced to watch, he began to see the longing in Katniss' eyes, the way she melted into the kiss and pulled Gale closer, grabbing his shirt and deepening the kiss. Then they forced Peeta to watch the video footage of the kisses Katniss and he had shared in the cave and even their time in the Capitol during the Victory Tour, altering the memories until Peeta could see so clearly what a terrible actress Katniss was. He could see the distance she'd keep after kissing him, how fake her smiles were, and the tension in her face made it clear how much kissing him disgusted her. For three days, they showed Peeta images of Katniss throwing a vase and cutting open Peeta's hand, her trying to drop a tracker jacker nest on him, drugging him in the cave, aiming her bow at him at the end of their 1st games, trying to stop Finnick from saving him, becoming affectionate with Finnick while Peeta was passed out on the beach and finally Katniss shooting the arrow at the force field, blowing up the arena and District 12. There were eight times she tried to kill Peeta by his measure: five in their first games and three in their second. Peeta had only been left alone a few short hours when he heard loud footsteps before the door to his cell was thrown open by a group of men he didn't recognize. He struggled against them slightly before they gassed him to sleep. When Peeta regained conscious he was surprised to find he didn't recognize his surroundings or the men standing in front of him. He knew he was no longer in the Capitol. The plainness of the gray room gave that away. And these men were definitely not Peacekeepers, as they were not dressed all in white. In fact Peeta was positive they weren't from the Capitol at all. Their skin was not tinted, their hair was not unnaturally colored and there were no tattoos or physical enhancements. They looked normal; tired and worn out, but normal. Still, Peeta didn't believe them when they told him he was safe. As far as Peeta knew, there were two sides: Snow's and Katniss'. Both were enemies. Nowhere was safe. There she was, as if thinking her name would bring her to him. At first he wasn't sure if she was real but as she started running towards him, seemingly pleased that he was in her grasp, he knew he had to attack her before she could attack him. An image of her attempting to finish him off when he was already almost dead, pain throbbing in his leg as blood gushed out of him, her screaming his name hysterically, her face rabid, feral and mad, flashed through his mind. By the time the image passed, she was standing in front of him, blood completely drained from her face and his hands around her neck. He felt a sharp blow to his right cheek, and then everything went black. The images came rapidly. Mags walking into the fog. Tracker jackers coming for Peeta. Water dripping through the cave. The sickly woman from 6 saving him. Monkeys killing her. Mutts chasing Peeta and Katniss. Cato nearly torn to shreds. The force field being shot at. District 12 burnt to the ground. Peeta's hands around Katniss' throat. Finally, Katniss lying unconscious in a pool of blood. It was the sound of Peeta's own cries that woke him up. Disoriented, he tried to move, wanting to see for himself if Katniss was dead or if it had in fact only been a dream, but he found he was restrained by 3 straps on his arms and 2 on his legs. He tried to orient himself but the gray walls, and small TV hung in the corner gave nothing away. A large mirror dominated one of the walls and he took a few minutes to study his reflection. His hair was damp from sweat, his eyes puffy and dark from lack of sleep. He noticed a large bruise on his face and remembered trying to strangle Katniss before everything went dark. He wondered if he was successful. The door to his room then opened. Peeta's eyes hardened, and he clenched his jaw when Haymitch walked in. The two men stared at each other, neither saying a word as they studied one another. Finally, Haymitch spoke. "I tried to save you both." Peeta didn't respond except to look away. "It's not Katniss' fault you didn't get saved." "I bet she wanted to kill me herself," Peeta pointed out. "People are disposable to her. She's a mutt. She killed my family and she tried to kill me." Haymitch tried to interrupt, but Peeta yelled "She's a mutt! And I'll kill her and anyone who stands in my way before I'll let her kill anyone else." Haymitch shook his head as he stood up to walk out of the room. He turned back to look at Peeta just before he walked out the door. "She loves you." The first time the doctor visited, Peeta didn't say anything. The doctor introduced himself as Doctor Ivory and began asking Peeta some questions. Peeta just ignored him. The second time Peeta only answered the basic questions. His name: Peeta Mellark. Birthday: March 25th. Home: District 12. It wasn't until the third visit, that Peeta started answering the more personal questions about his family. He still only replied with terse one – or two- word answers. Whenever the doctor would try to delve for more information or question Peeta about Katniss, it would send Peeta into a rage and he would scream for hours after. The doctors didn't allow anyone who he might recognize to visit during this time. When Peeta was finally able to answer the questions without becoming agitated, the specialists decided to try a District 12 resident that he knew apart from Katniss. Someone who he wouldn't associate with Katniss. They chose Delly Cartwright. This seemed like the perfect person as Delly and Peeta's mothers were good friends and they'd spent a lot of time together as children. The conversation started out well enough, but once Peeta starting asking about home and why he couldn't go back to District 12, they knew there wasn't much hope. Soon Delly was told to leave the room quickly. Peeta spent the next three hours screaming about gray-eyed mutts who pretended to love him and tried to kill him. The doctors continued to attempt to rehabilitate Peeta. They started showing Peeta each video they had of Peeta and Katniss, taking time to discuss the details of the event. First they would ask Peeta to tell them what was going on, then they would fill in the blanks or correct his memories. This didn't seem to work as Peeta kept insisting that Katniss was only pretending or Katniss was trying to kill him and she had a knife in the hand that they couldn't see. They showed Peeta videos that could in no way have been tampered with because the Capitol didn't have access, like the video of her singing "The Hanging Tree" or the one of Katniss talking about her fear for Peeta's safety, but Peeta could not be convinced that Katniss was not a mutt. The doctors tried to discuss what happened in the Capitol with Peeta. Peeta wouldn't talk about it much. After a couple of weeks, they decided to administer morphling to Peeta and then show him a video to see if this had the desired effect in reversing his hijacking. Although Peeta didn't freak out about Katniss, he was more catatonic than calm when watching the video, and it seemed to leave him in a confused state for hours after and then he just wanted to talk about the goat. The doctors continued with this method for a couple weeks, but it didn't have the desired result and the doctors went back to the original method of trying to get Peeta to talk about what the video was showing. One day, Peeta asked if he could have a pencil and some paper, and he began drawing his memories, the ones that haunted him the most. These weren't always images of the Games. Sometimes they were pictures of Katniss on the train, dancing, or learning how to bake from his father. There was one image he couldn't get out of his head. It was years before their first Games when Katniss had picked up a dandelion after breaking eye contact with Peeta. He couldn't understand why she would pick up a weed. Maybe if he could remember what happened before then he might've understood the significance. He drew Katniss and Prim standing outside the bakery while Prim looked at the decorated cakes. He drew Katniss lying over Gale after he'd been whipped and the image Snow replayed for Peeta over and over of Gale and Katniss kissing just outside the fence line. Peeta's nightmares became worse but during the day things began to make sense. He didn't argue when the doctors told him