REALIZATION June - September 2010 I: The Boy Called Harry June 23 - July 25, 2010 . . "Up! Get up! Now!" Harry hissed softly to himself, pulling his -rather pathetic- pillow over his head to block out his aunt's voice as she rapped on his door and screeched once more, "Up!" He waited until he heard her go into the kitchen and a frying pan be placed onto the stove before letting himself voice his displeasure, "Oh, yeah, sure, who doesn't love a banshee waking them up- what a lovely way to start the day..." He got up though, it wasn't worth the abuse his ears would earn to try and rest a little more since his aunt would- "Are you up yet?" she demanded- be coming back. "Almost!" Harry called, flicking a spider off one of the sock he found under his bed. He had an odd relationship with spiders, they were around frequently due to him living in a cupboard so he mostly tolerated them but he'd flick them away if they got too close to him or were on anything that he wanted. It was probably silly, but he ensured their goodwill by occasionally capturing a beetle of some sort and depositing it on one of the various webs they'd built. "Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And don't you dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy's birthday." Harry let out a soft, irritated huff as he tugged his socks on. Dudley's birthday, how could he have forgotten- it wasn't like each of the Dursleys had been chattering about it since the beginning of the month… Once dressed, he went to the kitchen, though he took a moment to appreciate actual light beyond whatever passed through the door's cracks, and shot the table- overflowing with the birthday boy's presents, from computer to television- a disgruntled look. There was even a racing bike next to the table, regardless that Dudley hated any form of exercise that didn't include hitting someone smaller then him. Like Harry, who was small and skinny for his age- looking more so with his clothes being hand-me-downs from Dudley- with a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, bright green eyes, a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning and wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape. (The scar, coupled with the glasses, irritated him a bit because it kind of tickled at his memory as if it were connected to something he couldn't remember.) Grease crackled and popped, drawing his attention to the bacon and Harry started flipping it; for all that the Dursleys bullied him into doing chores, Harry really didn't mind cooking because it reminded him of- "Comb your hair!" his Uncle Vernon barked, by way of a morning greeting as the man entered the kitchen. This was a frequent occurrence that required no acknowledgement; in fact, once a week, his uncle would declare his need of a haircut and his aunt would come at him with a pair of scissors. It made no difference, his hair simply grew that way - all over the place- and did so quickly , enough for it to be a weekly occurrence. It was while he was frying eggs that his aunt and cousin entered the kitchen; his cousin looked a lot like Uncle Vernon with a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia said that Dudley looked like an angel but, honestly, he looked like a pig with a wig to Harry. He put the plates of eggs and bacon on the table, despite how little room there was, whilst Dudley counted his presents, face falling. "Thirty-six," he said, looking up at his mother and father. "That's two less than last year." "Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here under this big one from Mommy and Daddy." "All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face. Sensing an imminent tantrum, Harry started wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over. Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly, "And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today. How's that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that alright?" Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said slowly, "So I'll have thirty ... thirty..." "Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia. "Oh." Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right then." Uncle Vernon chuckled. "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like his father. 'Atta boy, Dudley!" He ruffled Dudley's hair. At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a DVD player. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried. "Bad news, Vernon," she said. "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't take him." She jerked her head in Harry's direction. While Dudley's mouth fell in horror, Harry's heart sped in excitement because every year the Dursleys went out for the day with a friend of Dudley's while he was left behind with Mrs. Figg- a crazy cat lady with a house that smelled like cabbage and made him look at pictures of all her cats. He hated it there. "Now what?" said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he'd planned this. Intellectually, Harry knew he should feel sorry about Mrs. Figg breaking her leg but he found his empathy withered when he remembered that he wouldn't need to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again for another year. Also, this year the Dursleys were going to the zoo . "We could phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested. "Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy." The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn't there or as if he couldn't understand what they were saying about him. "What about what's-her-name, your friend - Yvonne?" "On vacation in Majorca," snapped Aunt Petunia. "You could just leave me here," Harry pointed out, hoping for a chance to go on Dudley's computer while they were away. If he had to be left behind while they all went to the zoo- went to see wolves and lions and foxes and all kinds of wonderful animals- then he at least wanted the opportunity to go on the internet. Aunt Petunia looked as though she'd just swallowed a lemon. "And come back and find the house in ruins?" she snarled. "I won't blow up the house," said Harry, but they weren't listening. "I suppose we could take him to the zoo," said Aunt Petunia slowly, "... and leave him in the car..." Please, please, please! Harry chanted internally, staring down at the table in what he hoped was a suitably subdued manner. "That car's new, he's not sitting in it alone..." Yes-..! he cheered, silently gathering up the dirty dishes. If he didn't give them anything to get upset over, then the possibility of him going to the zoo would grow- just a bit. Maybe. Dudley began to cry loudly, he wasn't really crying- it had been years since he'd really cried- but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted. "Dinky Duddydums, don't cry, Mummy won't let him spoil your special day!" she cried, flinging her arms around him. "I... don't... want... him... t-t-to come!" Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs. "He always sp- spoils everything!" He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother's arms. Just then, the doorbell rang - "Oh, good Lord, they're here!" said Aunt Petunia frantically - and a moment later, Dudley's best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their backs while Dudley hit them. Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once. Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in the back of the Dursleys' car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life and desperately trying to seem less excited about the situation and more cowed as Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside before they'd left. "I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up close to Harry's, "I'm warning you now, boy -any funny business, anything at all- and you'll be in that cupboard from now until Christmas." "I'm not going to do anything," Harry defended but it was ineffectual, given his uncle didn't believe him- not that anyone ever did. It was because strange things happened around Harry; once, Aunt Petunia had cut his hair bald except for his bangs- to hide his scar- only for it to be exactly as it was the next day. Another time, his aunt tried forcing him into a horrible old sweater of Dudley's but the harder she tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it grew until it was about the size of a hand puppet's- his aunt had decided that it must have shrunken in the wash, though so he wasn't punished. He did, however, get in trouble for being found on the roof of the school kitchens when Dudley's gang was chasing him once. Today, though, Harry was determined to be good and very much hoped no strange things happened to cut the visit to the zoo short. While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia. He liked to complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry, the bank, and Harry were just a few of his favorite subjects. This morning, it was motorcycles. "... roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums," he said, as a motorcycle overtook them. "I had a dream about a motorcycle," Harry remembered, biting down the rest of it though he thought it, It flew. Uncle Vernon snorted derisively, "Of course you'd have a dream of one." But, given that he did say about how it acted unnatural , that was it even if Dudley and Piers laughed at him. It, being a sunny Saturday, was crowded with families at the zoo and the Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop. It was , Harry thought as he quietly followed the four to the Gorilla- they look very much like Dudley though with less blond- Enclosure, actually pretty tasty. He spent as much time as he could savoring the ice pop, following a bit away from the Dursleys so he would come to their attention, and trying to imprint the entire experience into his memory since he had a feeling that he wouldn't be allowed back for a long while. Harry dutifully read the information plaques of the animals he was interested in- he was, perhaps inappropriately, amused about the coyote named 'Wiley'- and asked questions whenever a zookeeper was nearby. That was a difficult task, asking questions when the Dursleys were far away enough not to hear yet close enough that the keeper wouldn't try to 'escort' him to his family and thus get him in trouble, but he managed. They ate in the zoo restaurant (tiger-themed), and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first. Afterwards, they went to the reptile house