A/N: For ShayaLonnie . A Voldemort-didn't-die, Horcrux-Free, Postwar AU with a Wolfmate Remione pairing. FLUFF! Lots of FLUFF! Just a one-shot I dashed off today. Okay, 5/6 of it today. Happy birthday, Shaya! 30 August 2001, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry "It looks better than I expected," Remus Lupin remarked, eyeing the Great Hall of his alma mater. "Sirius, do you think they've got the same picture to get into the kitchens?" He grinned, a shadow in his green eyes even though they smiled. "A picture?" Harry inquired, pacing the length of the Hall and obviously taking note of all avenues of ingress and egress. "A small still life featuring fruit. You tickle the pear and it opens a hidden door that leads to the kitchens." Harry regarded him incredulously. "Tickling a pear ." He shifted his focus to Sirius. "What kind of school is this, Dad?" "The best," Sirius said, his voice soft and reflective in tone. "So sorry you couldn't attend here, son." The young man with the pale lightning flare on his forehead snorted as he stared at the ceiling. "I dunno. I think we did all right, the three of us. Didn't you say the ceiling was enchanted?" Remus sighed, studying the high beams overhead. Burn marks marred the wood, but the stone in between appeared sound. "It was, Prongslet. It was." The young man sighed as well. "C'mon, Remus. Quit calling me that. The students won't take me seriously if they hear you or Dad use that nickname." Sirius, silver making dramatic streaks at his temples, twirled his ebony cane. Despite the very best that the Healers could do, the final confrontation with Voldemort only months before had left the Head of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Black with lingering injuries. But his pale gray eyes were still sharp with humor and his body was in no other way less for the stress of the past twenty years. Remus often amused himself by assessing all the women that put themselves in Lord Black's way. "You're only going to be here for, what, a week? Maybe two?" "Unless I find a pretty girl, maybe," Harry allowed. He hopped up on the end of what was the Ravenclaw table, traditionally. "I'm ready to just, you know, be normal , right?" "Right," Remus and Sirius said together. Normal would be good. Normal would be great, in fact. Normal, though, would always be just out of reach for a werewolf. Normal hadn't been a part of Remus's life since he was four years old, but he had managed to do all right, between his parents and his friends at Hogwarts. Indeed, until Peter had been killed by Voldemort himself, the four Marauders had been friends and had lived together in Godric's Hollow once the prophecy had been given in 1980. Potter Manor had been warded to a fare-thee-well, with the most robust blood wards the Blacks had developed over the years and with all the active runes that the Potters had set into their land. The Potters and the Longbottoms had "houseguests" round the clock, as had three other families, but to no avail. Voldemort chose the Potters as his nemeses, perhaps because Harry had been born on the final day of July or perhaps because Snape had wanted to claim Lily Potter out from under James's own nose, thereby paying the Marauders back in a horrible way for schoolboy trials. Remus had been there the night Voldemort attacked the Potters in the company of Snape and a handful of other Death Eaters. Remus had seen Snape arrive. Saw him leave, too, with Lily bound and petrified in front of him. Remus had seen James fall to no fewer than three Death Eaters. And Remus had heard Harry cry for his mum. Abandoning the Order of the Phoenix, Remus and Sirius had taken Harry and as much of his life as they could shrink into a rucksack on their way out of Britain. Voldemort had gradually grown confident enough to take over Wizarding Britain and the Wizengamot, killing Muggleborn magicals as soon as they'd been identified. "I heard there was a nursery school here?" Harry inquired as Headmistress McGonagall gave them a tour before the staff dinner that evening. "We saw a Magical school in Kyoto that had one when I was small. It was great. I learnt a lot." McGonagall smiled thinly, but Remus could see that her eyes were pained. "We had one, yes. Established in 1984, I believe." The older witch turned to Remus. "You, Mister Lupin, know how hard it can be being a cast-out minority in our society." No sting accompanied the headmistress's pronouncement; it was a truth Remus had spent a lifetime working around. "I do indeed, ma'am. What happened with the Muggleborn?" "I heard they Obliviated the families?" Sirius asked, wincing. "Sadly, yes. But we raised the children in safety here, with sponsorship and a full knowledge of their heritage. Wand rights at age eight, if you can believe that. Many powerful wizards and witches were identified thereby. Ah, here is the Defense room, Mister Lupin. Mister Potter, you will be speaking mostly in this room, if that is acceptable. This will allow you to, well—" She broke off, looking rather awkward, which made Remus smile a little behind one hand. Harry didn't hide his own rueful smile. "Allow me to tailor the details in an age-appropriate manner. I have done this before, though only the once." Minerva touched Harry's shoulder briefly. "Exactly. Thank you. And you, Mister Lupin, will, I hope, find this to be an amicable environment for your instruction. Would you two like to continue the tour?" Sirius barked a laugh. "I'm not letting them leave me alone with you, Minerva!" "Mister Black. Really." Remus enjoyed seeing the fresh paint on many wooden doors, as well as the framed photographs interspersed amongst the paintings. Many of the subjects of the paintings waved silently as they passed, but all of them looked duly respectful of Minerva and her tall, pointed hat. Remus saw an open door that they bypassed utterly. "What was in there?" he asked. "It smells . . . like the infirmary?" Sirius nodded. "Did Pomfrey's domain . . . is she . . .?" Remus's heart clenched to think that Madam Pomfrey, who had been so kind to him for his Hogwarts years with all of his transformations and injuries, might not have survived the deadly attack of the Death Eaters on the venerable school. Harry wasn't waiting for an answer and Remus supposed he could understand that. He didn't have any memories associated with this school, after all. He'd never been here. "Hello," he said into the open room. Remus exchanged a look with Sirius. Harry was an unrelentingly curious fellow. "Hello?" The voice was inquisitive, pitched to hit Remus's sensitive ear pleasantly, and he couldn't help the peaceful relaxation that seemed to ease his facial muscles as he and Sirius made as if to pull Harry out of the infirmary-scented room. "Wait, I think I know you," the woman's voice said again. "Hermione, dear. Please be introduced to Harry Potter, Sirius Black, and Remus Lupin." Remus was all about watching Harry chat the young woman up—she looked to be perhaps a year or so older than Harry but Remus doubted the lad would mind—when Harry shook Hermione's hand. "Hello, Mister Potter, Mister Black, Mister Lupin." She only shook Harry's hand at that juncture, but she smiled at each of them before looking to Minerva expectantly. "This is Hermione Granger, one of our own here at Hogwarts, and she's teaching a class for our advanced students in the Healing Arts, as well as introductory Transfiguration for first and second years, and Magical Britain from the—what was it, dear?" "Magical Britain from the Outside In. It's for the Muggle-born and Muggle-raised amongst our students." The young woman smiled in a very careful manner, Remus decided. "It was something I felt could be beneficial when I was a student and I persuaded the Board of Governors to let me teach it this year." Her cheeks warmed with a blush in what was, Remus decided, a rather beguiling way. She was quite fetching and he thought that Harry might have found the "pretty girl" he'd mentioned earlier. "Granger," Sirius said, pursing his lips. "Related to Dagworth-Granger, the potioneer?" The young woman sighed and flicked imaginary lint from her severely cut robes. "No. Muggleborn, Mister Black." Her cinnamon-brown gaze swept the three of them. "And please, please accept my thanks for all you did for, for all of us. You're heroes." She moved past Harry to take Sirius's free hand in both of her own and then came to Remus and took his hand, looking into his eyes with a fierce sort of emotion. Shock bolted through Remus's entire body, but the awareness that settled into his mind and heart sent his inner wolf, poor Moony, off into a wild howl of delight. Mate! Mate! She's our Mate! Nothing in Remus's varied experiences had prepared him to be caught in such surprise, shock, awe, glee, trepidation, and wonder. Heart pounding, nostrils flaring, he felt that his irises had gone from green to gold as Sirius made some excuses while hustling him from the corridor,. "Is he quite all right?" Hermione Granger called behind them. "I, I think so, Miss Granger," Harry said, sounding perturbed. "I'll go find out, yeah? Will you be at the staff dinner?" "Yes, of course. If I can be of any help—" "What, by Merlin's bloody broom, was that, Moony?" They had made it to the Hospital Wing using Sirius's sense of smell, of all things, because it was no longer where it had been thirty years before. "You came all over, like, pre-moon, you know?" "She's, she's Moony's mate, Padfoot," Remus whispered, leaning his head against the cool stone wall. Even in late summer, the interior castle walls were cool and dry. "Moony's mate?" Sirius let go of the tight grip he'd been maintaining on Remus's arm. "Sorry 'bout that," he muttered. Remus shook it off. "Just got a bit worried, yeah?" "Three days. I'm on edge a bit, but not to worry. I'll be all right. Effing bloody hell, Pads." A laugh filled the first room of the Infirmary. "Lighten up, Moony! This is supposed to be a good thing!" "What's a good thing?" Harry demanded, entering with a bewildered and frustrated air to him. "Hermione was about set to, I don't know, take your temperature and set monitoring charms on you!" Harry. Remus was still wrapping his mind around the idea that the elusive dream of every werewolf he'd met—finding the mate to share their cursed life—was his after all this time when he had to take a dose of basic reality. Harry had seemed to fancy the girl. And Harry was a far better prospect for a young professor than an old and scarred werewolf. He swallowed and met Sirius's questioning look with a shake of his head. "Moon's up in three days," he said slowly. It wasn't enough of an excuse. Harry crossed his arms and Remus was reminded that this young man with all of twenty-one years to his credit had defeated Voldemort only six months before. "Uncle Remus. Pull the other one." Sirius made a harrumphing sound. "It's not like you can keep it a secret from him." "No, it's not," Harry said. "What is it?" "It's just that . . . Miss Granger . . ." Remus made himself meet the younger wizard's gaze. "Moony . . ." "Blimey. Moony fancies her? She's your mate, Uncle Remus?" Delight and a sort of bright anticipation shone in Harry's brilliant green eyes. "That's amazing! All those books you've had me read said that hardly ever happened. Congratulations!" He gripped Remus's shoulders and shook him once, lightly. Baffled and bemused and still off-kilter due to the momentous discovery,