A/N: Inspired by my own ficlet, Repercussions in the Wizarding World Wanderings collection (which makes an appearance herein), I have expanded on the whole "as the seventh month dies" idea that hit me at the end of it. TAKE NOTE: Due to the nature of the how Trelawney's prophecy was told and how I show it coming about, the dates will be jumping about a bit, so pay attention to them. x x x Tons of Betatastic Appreciation to Katmom , my dear friend. I don't often ask her to do the beta thing for real, but the lady knows her stuff when I do. Any mistakes left are mine alone. PROPHECY The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies … -Sybil Trelawney The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... April, 1980 Dumbledore sat as if stunned as young Miss Trelawney went into her prophetic trance. He'd rather hoped it might happen, hence other arrangements he'd put into play, but to actually see it in front of him was a bit surprising. Oh, he knew who the Dark Lord was. But it was often thought that only his followers and blood purists referred to the half-blood boy, Tom Riddle, in that manner. He cast a wordless cooling charm over himself, as the summer evening was warmer than he preferred, what with all the requisite Headmaster Robes he had to wear for this job interview. Disappointment over Miss Trelawney's lack of Cassandra's gift fled. He was agog, now, to know that she could indeed produce an actual prophecy. A prophecy that might indeed be coming true. For Frank and Alice Longbottom's child was due to be born at the end of July. And July was the seventh month. "I have to talk to the Longbottoms at the earliest opportunity." June, 1980 Along the M61, heading north to Scotland, Doctor Daniel Granger and Doctor Emma Granger were driving on a much anticipated holiday. Their only child, Hermione, was firmly ensconced in a brand new infant safety seat. Emma sat in the rear seat of their car with their daughter, so she could keep the bright-eyed girl entertained. Hard to read to a baby from the front seat! Though it was past Hermione's bedtime, the long twilight of the summer's day kept them able to drive safely to get to their hotel for the night. It had seemed imperative that they go; Daniel had said he'd just had it with London in the summer. All at once. "Oh, let's go to the Highlands," he'd said. "Just the thing this time of year. I can show you a place my grandfather told me about, once. It's an old castle." "Are we there yet?" Emma asked tiredly. She had just finished reading Alice in Wonderland to their little girl. Hermione was playing with a cloth book, chewing on it now and again. Daniel was feeling rather edgy. Emma had forgotten certain significant conversations, but he knew that they were going to be close to a place they couldn't see . . . but that he had heard about, once upon a time. Puffing out a breath, he reminded himself that they were on holiday, that was all. "Almost." "Good." July, 1980 "I can't believe you talked me into this," Lily Potter told her husband as she mounted her broom while her feet were firmly on the ground outside the Potter's summer home in Scotland. "He's perfectly safe, look. See?" James pulled down the protective cloak he had over his son Harry as they prepared to fly—Notice-Me-Not charms all in place—toward Hogsmeade. "The baby carrier you created works, and Sirius enabled the Sticking charms to be a part of the actual design, so Harry'll stay in all right and tight. See? Totally safe." "He's not even a year old!" "So? I'm the one who's going to fly this thing. Look, you can see the Hogsmeade Station from here. It's not far. We'll be fine." Lily growled. "No more than ten feet off the ground, Mister Potter." "I promise." Huffing audibly, Lily directed her broom to fly and she followed James and Harry all the way to Hogsmeade. They met Sirius and Remus at the Three Broomsticks and, eventually, Harry Potter fell asleep in his godfather's arms. There was a war on, a friend had died only the week before—which was one reason Lily and Harry had been relocated to Scotland for the time being—and it was time to remember their friend, to celebrate her life and to celebrate their own. Tomorrow's dangers would come tomorrow. …born to those who have thrice defied him… 1944, London Orphanage Emma Draper, orphaned by the War, huddled quietly in a corner of the room she shared with ten other girls. "Tight quarters," the matron had said, albeit with some warmth in her eyes, "but it's better than it is with the boys." Loss had drained Emma of all response save to nod and obey. She nodded when it was time to eat. Tried to eat when the girl next to her told her that the mutton was the only meat they'd get 'til Sunday. Followed two girls older than herself back up to the dormitory. But then, she'd had to go to the loo. So she'd left the long, cold dormitory. She didn't remember where the toilet was. She had her doll, a china doll with curly red hair and bright blue eyes that wore a blue silk dress, in one hand. Its little hand had been singed in the fire that had taken her parents from her, but someone had rescued her doll. She took it everywhere. "Oi, little girl." She froze at the sound of an older boy's voice that came from a corner where no light fell. Blackout conditions still applied, she supposed, but this was an interior corridor and— "I told you to stop," the boy said. "Come here ." Emma clutched her doll—Kathleen—to her chest like a shield. "What do you want?" she asked dully. The rules of the orphanage were written somewhere, but people made their own rules. A look at London could tell anyone that. "Just want you to do something for me," the boy said. He crouched down and, because she could sort of see him at last, she saw a thin smile on a face that she did not trust. "No." She shook her head. "I just want to, want to go find a toilet." "I can help you. What's your name?" "Emma Draper," she said without thinking. Her heart was pounding and her mind was flying and she really, really had to find the toilet. "What's yours?" "I'm Tom Riddle, Emma. And I don't want much. I just wanted something to eat. I didn't get my dinner, you see, and I'm rather hungry. Can you help me?" "No! I just have to, have to go to the toilet," she demanded, beyond embarrassment. She felt a need to get far from this boy and to find the water closet and she was feeling frightened. He lunged for her and she shrieked but he only took her doll. She was left unharmed and that made her get quiet. "Give me back Kathleen." "Not until you get me something to eat. You go down there. Someone is there and they'll listen to you, since you're tiny and new here. Go on. Kathleen and I will wait for you." He smiled and stood up, towering over her, her doll hanging negligently in his hand. "I'll keep her right here. No one will hurt her ." The way he said it, though, made Emma think someone might hurt her , so she reminded herself of every step to get back to the dormitory and all the beds. "No. I won't. Give me back my doll!" "No!" Emma had lost enough. With a fierce burst of courage, she grabbed Kathleen's singed hand and pulled, running in the next beat of her heart. Running fast. She was very fast. Very, very fast. And she remembered every step. "Emma! You will regret this!" She got back to the dormitory and slammed the door behind her, breathing hard and letting Kathleen absorb her sudden tears. She may have wet the bed, but it was her first night and no one mentioned it. 1959, Dover Tom Riddle hated his name. He hated that it was a Muggle name. He hated anyone that knew it was a Muggle name. He hated Muggles in general, but was usually able to control them. To make them do what he wanted. To make them. This proved he was superior; it always had. He was working on flying over water. This eluded him, for some reason, so he was going to have to take a trip on a Muggle boat. Infuriating. "You, there," he said, extending a finger to the young man on the dock. "I need passage to France." He focused, trying to slide into the Muggle's mind so that he could simply twist his thoughts to accommodate. Simple. Easy. He'd been defied once by a mere little girl and he had worked, since, not to let it happen again. "You have to pay for passage, same as everyone," the young man said. Tom felt the familiar flare of rage all but burst from his fingers. Before doing violence—he had learnt some self-control over the years—he dove into the man's mind, determined to change it, make the Muggle do his will. He couldn't! "What the bleeding hell?" he whispered, stepping closer to the fellow. Incarcerous! he cast silently. The man's hazel eyes went wide as he sought to move. "You. You're a . . ." Tom cast a quick spell and was disgusted but also a bit in awe of what it revealed. "You're a Squib! A Squib who was . . . taught? But how . . .?" He freed the man from the binding spell. "Your name. I must have it." The Squib shook himself, fear and caution clear in his gaze. He did not falter, though. "Granger. D— Er, that's all you need to know." Tom gripped the man's limp collar. "Granger? As in Dagworth-Granger?" "Great-grandfather, he was." "I must think on this." Tom could not let the defiance go unpunished, so he cast the Cruciatus Curse on the Squib for a few seconds, relishing his screams. 1978, London James Potter was sweating fit to flood the Great Hall, but he couldn't move. He had Lily! You-Know-Who had Lily! It was supposed to be a basic seek-and-find mission for the Order, but someone ratted them out. Merlin's bollocks! "This is the second time I've asked you to join me, Potter. You're strong, even your Mudblood is strong. I can make allowances." "No!" Lily said, her voice raw but strong. James felt his own courage renewed in her defiance. "No." " Crucio !" James heard her scream, but could do nothing, bound as he was. The pain was worse for him, he was sure, but he'd never tell her that. Popping sounds surrounded them and then he heard a welcome voice. "Bella!" Padfoot! In moments, James was released from the Immobulus that had held him and he gathered Lily into his arms. Her eyes were bloodshot, and indeed blood trickled from the corner of her mouth. "Love, I'm so sorry," he whispered repeatedly. "Let's get you to Headquarters, yeah? Pads?" "Go, Prongs. We've got this." 1979, Oxfordshire Emma Granger smoothed her hand over the rounded bump in her middle. The