Chapter 1 The Messenger The world swirled round before her eyes. She stumbled over a tree log andfell onto the cool forest floor. She struggled onto her hands and feet. Her breath came in ragged gasps. Her head ached. She pulled herself onto her feet, holding a tree for balance, the pain was overpowering. She swayed unsteadily. She staggered a few feet before she collapsed in the middle of the road. Her head cracked off a rock and she was left unconscious. Aragorn battled through the rain, urging his horse onwards towards Rivendell. He entered the forest, its leafy canopy sheltering him from the worst of the rain. His black hair whipped about his face, his sword lay heavy on his back. He rounded a corner and his horse reared, nearly throwing him off. He reined in the stallion, soothing it before looking down to see what the problem was. An elf-maiden lay in the middle of the road. He climbed down, cautiously. His years of being a Ranger had taught him well. This may be a trap. He moved forwards towards her with his sword drawn. He reached her side. She was unconscious and she looked deathly pale but even in this condition she held a great beauty, something radiated around her. Aragorn wanted to know more about her. Her brown hair was swept about her face. Her eyelids were shut preventing him from seeing her eyes. He carefully picked her up and laid her across the back of his horse. Holding her into place, he swung himself onto the horse. Now he had two reasons to get to Rivendell. He whispered to his horse in the Elven tongue. It reared and then took off. The rain had lessened slightly and Aragorn's saw Rivendell in the distance, only a few leagues. He could feel his horse was tiring but the elf needed the Healers help and soon. He urged his horse on. He had named the horse Brego. It was a loyal and proud creature. It loved Aragorn and wanted to do the best for him. He put on a last burst of speed and in minutes they had reached the gates. The elf guards let them in immediately. They knew Aragorn and they had seen an ill elf-maiden. He reared in Brego and dismounted, carefully so he did not harm the elf anymore. He then ran to the House of Elrond and was let in. The elf was taken from him and rushed to the Healers. He was taken to rest before his meeting with Elrond and Gandalf. Later he made his way to Elrond's chambers. He had changed out of his wet and dirty travelling clothes and put on a black cloak over a simple black shirt and trousers. Both garments looking slightly tattered. Aragorn didn't care about his appearance, not like the elves did. He strode down the hall, powerful in his own way. Not many knew his secret. In fact he believed only Gandalf and Elrond knew. It was not something he wanted broadcast. The doors opened and there sat Elrond and Gandalf. He walked up to them, shook Elrond's hand and hugged Gandalf. "It has been far too long, my friend." "Nay," replied Gandalf "it has been only 2 years." "Still for some that is to long." Elrond interrupted the conversation between the two old friends. "I hear you rescued an elf-maiden on your way here." Aragorn turned to him. "That is true. She was lying in the middle of the path. There were no injuries on the outside except she was knocked unconscious, looked deathly pale and was cold to the touch. How is she? Is she better?" "Yes Aragorn she is almost fully recovered thanks to you and the Healers. She wishes to meet her rescuer. I would also like to thank you. Do you know which elf-maiden you rescued?" "No I have never seen her before. Pray, tell me her name." "Her name is Arwen and she is my daughter Aragorn. I thank you kindly for what you did." "Your daughter?" Aragorn looked shocked. "But I have never seen her here before. Did she hide away?" "No Aragorn she has stayed at Lothlorien for many of her years and she was finally returning to Rivendell when her health took a turn for the worst. You got to her just in time. Any longer and she may not have made it to see her homeland, she would have never seen its beauty and that is something no one should miss out on." Elrond was very proud of Rivendell. "I thank you for the praise but may I ask why she stayed at Lorien with the Lady Galadriel and not her own father?" "She spent some of her time here when she was a very young child, but then she decided after her mother passed away to go to Lady Galadriel and stay there. Finally she has wanted to come and stay with her father. I am very proud her." Gandalf smiled to himself. He had been watching Aragorn's face during the conversation and he thought he may have seem a glimmer of interest in Arwen. He did not doubt this, as Arwen was one of the most beautiful elves in all of Middle Earth, falling only behind the Lady Galadriel. Many men and elves had fallen under her spell, Aragorn was no different. 3 days later and Arwen had still not met her rescuer. But her father was holding a ball that evening where he would introduce Arwen to Rivendell officially. And there she would meet Aragorn. Aragorn had spent most of him time out in the wilds of Rivendell while Arwen had been acquainting herself with Rivendell's many halls and corridors. Arwen stood in front of the mirror. She looked at the silver dress she wore. It fitted her perfectly, showing off every curve. Feeling her forehead she felt the slight bump that had occurred when she had fallen onto path in the middle of the road. She didn't remember much except strong arms had lifted her onto a horse. She was half in and half out of conscious at this point. She remembered a strong chest behind her and an arm keeping her from falling. Her power had been weakened and she was completely dependent on this stranger. But she did not feel that his aura was dangerous. She felt strangely secure in this person's arms. Her thoughts returned to the present. She looked back into the mirror and sighed. She wasn't sure of herself. She wanted to be perfect for her father. He hadn't seen her in many years. She was also going to meet her rescuer and several other elves her father thought highly of. She didn't want him to be ashamed off her. There was a knock at her door and her father entered. He smiled at her. "Arwen, you look lovely. Absolutely perfect." He kissed her lightly on her forehead. "Are you ready to meet the guests?" She nodded. "Do not be nervous for you will be fine." Her father's words eased her and she took his arm. He led her through the maze of tunnels and into the magnificent Hall, perfect for feasts and dancing. They stood at the door waiting for Gandalf and Aragorn. Gandalf arrived first. He kissed Arwen lightly on the hand. "Good day fair lady." His eyes sparkled with joy and laughter. She curtsied and accepted his greeting. While her father stood at the door greeting more guests Arwen turned to Gandalf. "Gandalf, do you know who my rescuer was? I am meeting him and I would like to know a bit more about him." Gandalf smiled. "I know him well. His name is Aragorn and you could not find a more loyal, kind man. If he were your friend he would protect you till death. He is a Ranger. You know of them yes?" "Yes I've heard of them before. They roam all of Middle-Earth and they are every knowledgeable. So he is a man?" "Yes Arwen he is a man. And here he comes know." Arwen turned to see Aragorn walking down the corridor to greet her father. He was dressed all in black. His hair had been washed and he had found a black tunic that fitted him perfectly. She was drawn to his eyes. They held so much emotion in them. His rugged beard completed the Ranger looked. She immediately felt attracted to him. This was unusual for her, as her past relationships had been abysmal. He greeted her father and turned to Gandalf and smiled at the wizened wizard. Aragorn shook Gandalf's hand and turned to her. "Aragorn this is Arwen. I believe you have already met her but she has not met you." Elrond introduced them. He took her hand and kissed it. She curtsied. "I hope you are feeling better than the last time we met." She smiled. "I am thank you very much. I would like to thank you for bringing me to Rivendell. My health had been weakened by many days' travel." His eyes twinkled. "And I thought elves never got ill. You learn something new every day!" She blushed and looked at her feet. Elrond clapped his hands and said, "Well, shall we take our seats? The feast will be beginning soon." Elrond took Arwen's hand and led her to the head of the table. She sat on Elrond's right and on his left sat Gandalf, and then next to him sat Aragorn. She wondered why Aragorn sat at the head of the table. He was not special or royalty. She had no idea. She made a mental note to ask Gandalf after the feast. She had taken a liking to Gandalf. The feast passed uneventfully, the room filled with chatter and laughter. When everyone had eaten his or her full the dancing started. The band played a merry tune and most of the guests rose and took to the dance floor. A hand tapped her on the shoulder and she jumped in surprise. Gandalf stood there offering her his hand for a dance. She took his hand and, laughing, followed him onto the dance floor. She had a great time with Gandalf on the dance floor. He twirled her and she flew out to his side. She felt eyes on her and she looked round. She caught Aragorn's gaze and they both looked away embarrassed. When the dance ended she thanked Gandalf and walked back to her seat. She watched the guests on the dance floor. Many of them were slightly drunk and some had no rhythm. And some danced out of time. She laughed quietly at their antics. "Laughing at guests? Tut tut." The voice in her ear startled her. She whirled round to find Aragorn standing there with a smile on his face. She laughed. "I was not laughing at them, I was laughing with them. See how they are all laughing? I was joining in the spirit." She retorted. "Would you care to dance with me?" he asked her offering his hand. She took it and followed him onto the dance floor. He had watched her while she was dancing with Gandalf. She was beautiful. The way her hair moved when she twirled, the way she laughed and the room seemed to fill with light. She had caught him staring and he had looked away, embarrassed. He twirled her and she spun away and then right back to him. He caught her in his arms and gazed at her. He could feel the electricity between them. The seconds turned to minutes and the minutes into hours. She broke the moment by pulling him back into the dance. He was beginning to fall in love with this beautiful elf-maiden. Would she ever love him? He doubted it. She must be with someone already. No one could miss her beauty. He didn't want the dance to end but it