The Child Of the Moon: The Sea of Monsters Disclaimer: I do not own "Percy Jackson: The sea of Monsters" all rights reserved to Rick Riordan and I don't own Pepsi or Mountain Dew and Keele and peele came up with the name Blaque. The only thing I own are oc's. Alert: This story will have a ton of oc's and I myself will be in this suggestions will be appreciated in this story just leave a comment below and I will maybe put it in my story. Also this is my very first story so please criticize it just don't completely bash it. Thank you and enjoy. Also remember to leave a comment about what you thought of the story. Chapter 1: Ember I awoke groggily that morning to the sound of two people screaming at each other, one was female the other male. 'Ugh not again. Can't those two just get along?' I thought to myself "Ember hurry up your hogging the bathroom!" Said a male voice which sounded like Percy's. "But I need the bathroom. Go find another one you dork." "Ember honey can you please hurry so Percy may use the restroom." Said a voice that could only belong to Mrs. Jackson. "Finally!" Percy shouted as the door creaked open. 'Sigh' You see Percy and I last year went on a quest to find Zeus's master bolt that was stolen by Luke Castellan a son of Hermes. And yeah we are demigods. But anyway we discovered he had taken it from Lord Zeus and gave it to Ares who we unknowingly had actually given us the bolt in a backpack and the bolt would appear as soon as we entered the Underworld so when we went to the Underworld because we originally thought Hades had it Percy and I discovered Ares treachery and with the help of Poseidon we escaped Hades and when we returned to the surface we fought Ares who also had Hades helm and defeated him, so we of course took it back and return it to its rightful owner Lord Zeus and we also had some help from our friends Annabeth Chase daughter of Athena and Grover Underwood a satyr, and now Luke is now serving Kronos the Titan Lord of Time who wanted me to join him which I said promptly 'You can go Fuck yourself.' So here I am now laying in a room that luckily Percy and his mom allowed me to stay in. I just laid there on my large, yet comfy bed as someone knocked on my door. "Yeah?" I said. "Blake you might want to get ready for school. You should be excited after all I mean it is the last day." Said Mrs. Jackson with obvious excitement. "One minute." I said. I then got out of bed and walked to the bathroom which Percy was just now getting out of I took a shower and then headed back to my room with a white towel wrapped around my waist and on my way to my room I passed Ember. As I passed her, her face turned beat red and she turned around and headed for the kitchen. I watched her walk to the kitchen from behind with an incredulous look on my face I then shrugged my shoulder and continued to my room. You see Ember was a girl I had found in the forest near New York on the last day of summer last year. Flashback It was Sunday morning with really foggy weather which honestly was no problem for me as I could easily see through it just one last day of summer till school started up again. And I was out in the forest just after leaving Percy's house. You see Luna and I are staying with Percy and his mother because of the passing of my late parents. So I had nowhere else to really go. I suggested to Sally that I pay for some of the apartment rent because of the large sum of money my parents left me. But she wouldn't budge no matter how many times I brought it up. Sally is a really nice person and treats me as if I were one of her own. Then again Percy and I have known each other since pre-k. The reason for me being in the forest just outside of New York is because I was hunting a monster. Lately there have been a rise in the amount of monsters appearing lately and I have a feeling it has to do with Kronos in some way. And since I really didn't want to lose Luna anytime soon I decided it would be best she stayed at the house, she is after all the only thing I have left of my parents. Her and I have a letter from my dad. I was hunting the monster because I found its tracks yesterday and I really didn't want it coming after us or anyone else. So I followed its tracks to the forest. By the looks of the tracks it was a hell hound. I continued through the forest at a break neck pace jumping and dodging branches as I went through the forest, until I came upon something or rather someone, it was a girl. She was in a clearing in the middle of the forest. She looked to be around my age of 12. She was laying on her side in the dirt. I walked over to her silently and hesitantly as I used my senses to see if she was a monster and luckily she wasn't. I walked over to her and she had to be the most gorgeous looking girl I had ever seen in my life. She had an olive like complexion. She had beautiful dark strawberry blond hair, but what was curious was that at the top tips of her hair, she had black tips instead of the dark strawberry blond hair then at the base of her hair which reached down to her waist she had black tips of hair as well instead of a strawberry blond color like most of her hair was. She had a blue and white striped shirt which hugged her athletic like body. With I would have to say B cup breasts. She had black pants and black and blue vans . Also in her front pocket was a hat just a plain black and red hat. I gently shook her. "Hey wake up. Wake up." I gently told her as I gently nudged her shoulder. Startled she immediately awoke and smacked me with her sharp fingernails across my face. "Ahhh! Why the hell did you do that for?" I asked angrily rubbing my now bleeding cheek . Then I looked at her a little better she was shaking in fright her violet eyes full of fear . "Hey it's alright I won't hurt you I promise." I said with sincerity in my voice putting my hands in a defensive position and a gently smile playing on my face. "Then where am I and w-who are you?" She asked with fear laced in her voice. "My name is Blake love nice to meet you, you are in a forest near New York city." I told her gently. "I-I don't remember...anything all I know is my name." She said now sitting up rubbing her temples. "What's your name?" "Ember." "Well alright Ember well it's nice to meet you, how about I take you to a doctor and we can find your parents. And so they can see what is wrong with you." I told her outstretching my hand to her to help her up. She looked at my hand hesitantly and then finally grabbed it and I was about to help her up until, I heard a low growl coming from my right. Immediately I turned to my right to see the hell hound I had been tracking which was the size of a mastiff glaring down at us. "U-uh what is that thing?" Ember asked. "You can see it?" "Um duh why wouldn't I?" "Uh heh...No reason." "Alright listen I want you to," I looked around and behind us I noticed a tree, "climb up the tree I'm going to kill it." I told her as I helped her stand. "No way you'll die. I want to help." She said defiantly with a look of determination. "Sorry but the best way you can help me is by staying away. I am sorry, but you don't even have a weapon to defend yourself." I told her pointedly. She huffed and stood her ground I then glared at her, and then I softened my glare and said "please" finally she backed up and went up the tree with little to no difficulty. For a girl with amnesia she sure as hell can be stubborn. I then clicked my watch and fought the monster and defeated it I got a few cuts and bruises but other than that I was pretty okay. Ember then climbed down the tree. "Your hurt." She said worriedly looking at a cut on my arm. "I'll be fine I've had way worse." I told her . She looked at my bleeding arm and gently held it in worry. My face heated at the contact. I pulled my arm away and ripped a strip off of my shirt and wrapped it around my arm. "Let's get you to the doctor." I told her gently. Flashback end As soon as we got to the doctors they immediately gave her a checkup and looked for her parents but none ever came up and all the while at the doctor she would continuously hold onto my arm looking at the doctors skeptically, I tried to convince her to trust the doctors, but she wouldn't budge. One of the doctors wanted to give her a shot and let's just say that she can be fierce when she wants to. Ten seconds later I found that needle in my arm. The doctors told me it wasn't fatal or anything so I should be fine ember continued to apologize to me throughout the whole trip at the doctors. Finally when Ember let me go I went to a payphone right across from her room so she could still see me and I called Sally and so I told Sally all about the mysterious girl and her situation and as we had quite a bit of room at the new place so she adopted Ember and a week later she was officially known as Ember Jackson. As soon as we told Ember the news she hugged my neck so tight I thought she was going to suffocate me. Now almost a year later here we are almost done with a whole year of school. On the first night of her staying at the Jackson residence she still felt nervous around other people so we all allowed her to sleep in my room as she didn't want to sleep alone I slept on the ground on my carpet folded in a sleeping bag, her on the bed and Luna laid at the edge of the bed at the end of her feet. It stayed like that for a couple of days and then she finally took the empty spare room with some encouragement from everyone luckily it was across from mine. I reached my room which I got to decorate myself with some of the money my parents left for me Sally told me I could only use a small sum of it so the rest would go to college or any other really important expenses. My bed is a queen sized with orange sheets and mossy oak throw pillows it even had wooden head rest. I also have deer and wolves on my walls one side has day time the other night time. It had a flat screen TV with a ps3 and a few