The Child Of the Moon: The Titans Curse Disclaimer: I do not own "Percy Jackson: The Titans Curse" all rights reserved to Rick Riordan and I don't own Pepsi or Mountain Dew, the name Balaque came from Keele and peele. The only thing I own are oc's and the dragons. Alert: This story will have a ton of oc's and I myself will be in this suggestions will be appreciated in this story just leave a comment below and I will maybe put it in my story. So here it is everyone The Child of the Moon: The Titans Curse I hope you all enjoy it, please leave a comment on what you thought and enjoy. Just a reminder: I have a poll on my profile page it's really important you guys/girls vote on it so I can make decision which will greatly impact this story. Thank you for your time continue on with the story. Chapter 1: How to save a life I couldn't help but let out an exasperated sigh, as I glanced at my bronze watch and watched as the large hand landed on the 8 showing that it was 11:40, it was Friday a day before winter break, or at least it was until the principle announced that he would cut us some slack and he let the whole school have an extra day of Winter break. So I stood in the living room of the apartment that I had come to consider my home as I waited for my demi-dragoness girlfriend, Ember to get out of her room for our lunch date I had set up. Ms. Jackson would be driving us to the lunch here in New York. About a week ago Ember had started to remember her life before she had met me and apparently today was her birthday so I wanted to make it special. I planned to take her to "Bouley" which was here in New York, and supposedly it was a really fancy French restaurant and while she hated going on fancy dates and would rather going to much less luxurious place. I thought we would do a little something special since today was her birthday and plus Christmas coming soon so this way I would get her to talk about what she would want for Christmas. Now the both of us agreed to not dress super fancy since it was her birthday and I wanted her to feel comfortable, so I was only dressed in a pair of wranglers, I had a white shirt under a black button up shirt, and a pair of combat boots. For her birthday I had gotten her a pair of headphones. Now these headphones weren't just your normal skull candy (which I don't own) headphones. They were the type of headphones that go over your head and on your ears, and they had a small button on the side barely even noticeable. I had our friend Charles Beckendorf a child of Hephaestus build the headphones. I had him create the headphones to have the ability to change into a helmet and as it changed into a helmet it would still allow the user to listen to music on an ipod or phone. And I had also bought her an Ipod to go with the headphones, with a few of her favorite songs on it. "Em are you ready!" I shouted out to her. "Almost!" She shouted back. Percy then walked out of the kitchen holding a phone in his right hand and patting it with his left and he had a sheepish look on his face. He had a red sweater on and a green jacket over it as if he was going somewhere with really cold weather he also had blue pants and a pair of boots. "What?" I asked giving Percy a questioning look. "Blake, it looks like Grover found some demigods and he kinda needs our help." Percy said. "Oh when?" I asked. "He needs our help immediately." Percy said giving a guilty look. "Annabeth and Thalia will be over soon, and-" "Blake I'm ready." Ember announced as she opened the bathroom door and stepped out. Ember was dressed in a nice black dress that reached down to her knees, she had her black and red cap on with her hair in a pony tail sticking out the back end, she had gray sneakers on and had her black chocker on with her purple crystal. I felt my jaw drop as I saw her. 'S-she wow.' I thought to myself mesmerized by Ember's beauty. I then looked to Percy and glared. "You are one messed up man, dude." Percy gave a sheepish look. "What?" Ember asked with a small tilt of her head which made her look even more beautiful. "Grover can wait." I decided and walked to Ember and was about to lead her out ignoring the fact we would still need Ms. Jackson to give us a ride to the restaurant, but Percy stopped us before we could leave the house. "Oh no you don't. Come on Grover needs our help. You guys can do this afterward." Percy said convincingly. "But I made reservations. Do you know how long I had to plan this in advance? I literally had to call a month before and schedule this." I whined. I then felt a hand on my shoulder. I turned and noticed it was Embers. "What is going on?" Ember asked giving a worried look. Percy then explained to her what he had told me. "It's fine Blake. We can do this another night." Ember said. "Plus even if we don't go to some high end place it's fine with me as long I'm with you it will be special." I sighed. "Fine let me go get dressed, I want to dress differently if this is a mission." "Blake also pack a jacket, it's in Maine and supposedly there is going to be a blizzard tonight." Percy said. I nodded and gave Ember a light kiss on the lips. "Hey thank you for trying to make the night special, but you know friends come first." Ember said gently putting her hand in mine I laughed lightly. "I know I only acted that way because I wanted this night to be your best one. It's your birthday and I don't want anything to ruin it. And when I saw you out of the bathroom a little while ago my brain just stopped, but I suppose you are right friends come first." She nodded and smiled and headed to her room to change. Once I got to my room I took off both of my shirts and put on my black long sleeved Nike shirt which had the Nike symbol on the top left corner. I then grabbed my sea green dragon scaled jacket that I had gotten last summer and slipped that on as well along with my ring that I was going to leave on my bed side table while at lunch and walked to my door and into the living room once again. About a half-hour later Ember came out of her room as well and entered the living room, instead of her black dress she now wore a long sleeve shirt that was striped with yellow and white strips and had a Pikachu (I don't own Pokemon) on the front. Around her neck she had her choker on with her purple crystal. Over that she had a black jacket which she didn't zip up so it was open. She wore blue jeans and her gray sneakers. While the three of us were in living room Ms. Jackson was in the kitchen packing some things in a backpack. Then all of a sudden I heard a racket come from the back door that lead to the backyard. I walked to the back sliding door and let Luna run in. "What are you and Ember still doing here? I thought you both were going on a date." Luna asked as she shook her snow covered fur. I smiled sadly. "We had to cancel. There are apparently some half-bloods that need our help." "I see. Can I join?" Luna barked. "Ms. Jackson?" I asked. "Yes dear?" I heard her ask. "Can I take Luna with us? Will we have room in the car?" I asked. "Sorry sweetheart, but we won't since Annabeth and Thalia are coming we won't have any room. I can have Chiron come and take her to Camp if you like." Ms. Jackson said poking her head out of the kitchen. "What do you say girl?" I asked her as I pet her head. "But I want to go with you. First you leave me at camp when you all went after the lightning bolt and now you won't let me go help you with this." Luna whined. I sighed and gently scratched her behind her ear. "It's not that I mean to, plus you will see us at camp and if anything happens I will send you an Iris message. Okay?" I told her gently. She nudged her nose into my arm and then tilted her head up to look at my face and nodded her head and licked my cheek. She then walked over to Ember who was sitting on the couch with her sword in hand and bow lying next to her. Ember looked at Luna and gently scratched her head. I then heard a knock at the door and since I was the only one still standing I went to the door and answered. At the door stood Annabeth and Thalia. This had to have been the first time I had seen them in months. Annabeth stood with a gray beanie which tucked her golden hair in nice and snug. She had on a green shirt with a purple jacket, and a pair of blue jean pants. She also had a pair of brown boots. Thalia wore punk clothes the type she always wore—the ripped-up army jacket, black leather pants and chain jewelry, the black eyeliner, black combat boots, and those intense electric blue eyes. "Hey Blake." Annabeth greeted and gave a light hug. "Hey Aunt Annabeth." I teased and hugged back. "Shut up." Annabeth said. I laughed as I noticed her face flush red from embarrassment. "Hey Blake." Thalia said with a small smile. "So are you going to let us in or just make us wait out here." She asked jokingly. "Oh right." I said embarrassed. "Ms. Jackson the girls are here!" I shouted. "Be right out!" She shouted back. Annabeth greeted Percy with a small hug and Ember with a nod of her head. Last summer the two weren't the greatest of friends and Annabeth didn't really trust her because of her being a black dragon, but after bringing back the Fleece the two finally came to a mutual agreement, now what that agreement was I have no clue. Thalia greeted Percy and Ember with a smile. "So is everyone ready?" Thalia asked. "Yeah I think so." I said as Sally walked into the room and handed a backpack to Percy. I then left a bowl of food and water for Luna and left a note for Chiron telling him that I fed her and all he had to do was take her to the Artemis cabin. When I was finally done attending to Luna, I met Ember at the door since she didn't want to get in the car without me. I closed and locked the door and Ember and I walked to the car hand in hand. Percy was sitting up front and Thalia and Annabeth both sat in the far back. So Ember and I took the two middle seats in the car. It was an eight-hour drive from New York to Bar Harbor, Maine. Sleet and snow pounded the highway. And the whole way no one spoke a word, as everyone was too busy thinking about