This is pure parody. Thought I'd make that clear. I don't own anything except for the Superray concept. Also, please, I beg you, this isn't MST. Just another parody. - The Author In the year 2003, Peter Jackson and New Line Cinema presented a movie that would change the fate of many who watched it. That movie was The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King. It covered the betrayal of Gollum, the Battle of Pelennor Fields, the madness of Denethor, and the ultimate destruction of the Ring. Upon viewing the movie, a cry went up among the fans: E/F shippers: WHERE THE HELL IS EOWYN AND FARAMIR? The epic romance of Eowyn, shieldmaiden of Rohan, and Faramir, Captain of Gondor, had been reduced to a cheesy smile at the end of the movie! Aragorn: makes a boring speech about humility and unity Everyone: applauds Eowyn and Faramir: smile at each other That's right! They reduced an entire chapter of the third book to make way for some stupid romance that had only been listed in the appendices! Aragorn: I love you! Arwen: You have a great destiny before you! Aragorn: I love you! Arwen: I give up my immortality for you! Aragorn: Is that dress see-through? The web nation felt the wrath of the E/F shippers. Long blogs were written, condemning Peter Jackson as the lowest scum of the earth. Fan fictions were written to fill in the gaps left by the movie. Fans were overjoyed to hear of the release of the Extended Edition. E/F shippers: New and Extended Scenes! That must mean more Faramir and Eowyn goodness! I just won't eat for a while! Armed with unhealthy snack foods and unnaturally thin wallets, E/F shippers sat before their new American altars, surrounded by Surround Sound, and watched with joy. It seemed promising. E/F shippers: Hey! A scene called Houses of Healing! Another scene: The Captain and the White lady! Sweet! The Extended edition had only two Faramir/Eowyn scenes, each barely lasting thirty seconds long. The scenes: Houses of Healing: Eowyn gets up and walks to the window of the Houses of Healing. She looks out and scans the horizon. She looks to the left of herself – and sees Faramir, Captain of Gondor, his arm in a sling, watching her. He leans against a pole and smiles a little. The Captain and the White Lady: Eowyn: OMG, the world is cold and depressing AND WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE! Faramir: I disagree. Eowyn: You're so sweet! She leans on his shoulder. He smiles a little. E/F shippers: And…? Hello? What happened to "they watched the battle with the wind blowing in their faces, mixing their hair together, raven and gold"? What happened to, "he kissed her above the battlements, and cared not who saw"? What happened to, "Will you have people say 'there goes Faramir, Captain of Gondor, who tamed the wild Shieldmaiden of Rohan, was there no woman of his own race to choose from'? And he said, 'I would.'" Clearly, Peter Jackson messed up. Fortunately, the author of this piece of what is blatantly fan fiction happens to have a superray that can zap cast, crew, and set using models from movies and a pre-written script. And so, without further ado, silverjigsaw presents… THE STEWARD AND THE WHITE LADY In association with Peter Jackson and New Line Cinemas Produced by & Directed by silverjigsaw Starring David Wenham, Miranda Otto, Viggo Mortensen, Brad Dorif, Karl Urban, Bernard Hill, Orlando Bloom, John Rhys-Davies, Ian McKellen, Elijah Wood, Sean Astin, John Nogle, and Sean Bean Based upon the books by J.R.R. Tolkien Golden Hall of Edoras Eowyn: Your son is badly wounded, my Lord. Theoden: wheezes Eomer: Some of Saruman's orcs got him. Grima: Lies! Filthy lies! Something must be done about you. Thunder: and lightning Some Random Shadowy Multi-Pillared Hall of Edoras Eomer: Saruman bought you, didn't he? Grima: Uh…what? Your sister's walking by and she has a nice can. Eomer: Now I kill you! Grima: Er…sorry…by order of the King Theoden you've been banished from the Kingdom. You are the weakest link, g'bye. Theodred's Furry Bedroom of Edoras Eowyn: cries over her dead cousin Grima: Oh, he's dead. What a tragedy for you. Eowyn: I am crying, aren't I? Grima: Listen, babe, I get you. You're hot. I mean, you're cold. Cool. Fair. Really swell, you know? And I can fix that whole loneliness thing. Theme. Thing. Eowyn: Wow, you have no eyebrows. The Golden Hall of Edoras Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli: enter swarm converge punch kick maim head-butt Grima: wets pants Gandalf: The courtesy of your hall is somewhat lessened of late, Theoden King. Grima: Go away! You're not wanted! Gandalf: Hold your forked tongue! I have not battled fire and death to bandy crooked words with a witless worm! Grima: Wow, that was a totally awesome line. Gandalf: I release you from your curse, Theoden! Theoden: laughs Gandalf: Er…well…that wasn't supposed to happen. Theoden: I'm really Saruman! Legolas: Like my spider senses didn't tell me that already. Gandalf: glows white Theoden and Grima: wet pants Eowyn: enters Aragorn: grabs her Eowyn: falls in love Gandalf: jerks his staff Gimli: That doesn't sound dirty at all. Theoden: growls Gandalf: jerks his staff Gimli: Not at ALL. Theoden: falls back Eowyn: runs to him Theoden: I know your face! You're…um…don't tell me…er…hold on, I'll get it…Eowyn, right? Eowyn: cries Golden Hall, later. Theoden: We're under attack! Let's all slowly travel to Helm's Deep down an extremely vulnerable path where we can be easily ambushed! Gandalf: I don't like it. Aragorn: looks angsty The Stables of Edoras Servant: Crazy horse! Let's shoot it! Aragorn: No, let me! Shush, horse. Horse: falls in love Eowyn: His name is Brego. Aragorn: Hello, Brego. Horse: nibbles on his ear Aragorn: talks in Elvish Eowyn: Wow, he can tame a horse, but can he tame ME? Aragorn: Turn this poor guy free. Horse: Nooooooo! Take me with you and your quiet handsomeness, Viggo! Eowyn: No, take me! Aragorn: looks angsty Golden Hall Eowyn: fake sword-fights Aragorn: joins her Aragorn: Wow, you can totally hold a sword up without falling over. Eowyn: Yeah, you're pretty hot. I mean, I'm pretty good. Aragorn: You scared of something, Princess? Eowyn: Yeah…a cage. Except an entirely metaphorical cage, you understand. Aragorn: Of course. Don't you worry your pretty head about it. I doubt that'll happen to you. Eowyn: falls in love Forests of Not Edoras Sam: What we need's a few taters. Smeagol: What's taters, precious? Sam: Po-Tay-Toes! Boil 'em, mash 'em, stick em in a stew! Frodo: is gone Sam: Mr. Frodo? Man, and the only who's not supposed to wander off by himself. I'm a really bad bodyguard. Frodo: is watching mercenaries travel to Mordor Sam: What is that, Mr. Frodo? Frodo: Mercenaries traveling to Mordor, Sam. Sam: Well, speaking of Mordor, let's go there. Frodo: Nah, let's watch the mercenaries travel for an excruciatingly long time. Sam: I'd really feel better if we were off to Mordor. Frodo: Really, I'd rather watch these guys walk by. Sam: We really should get moving and leave the rabbit stew behind. Frodo: I'm good. Sam: They could see us. Frodo: I'll slip on the magic ring so that no one can see me except the Enemy. Sam: I give up. Frodo: Okay, let's go. Sam: No, wait, look, Mr. Frodo! Oliphaunts! Mercenary: I keel you! Hobbits: wet pants Faramir: kills mercenary Frodo: Wow, thanks, handsome stranger! Faramir: gives a monologue about how the mercenary wasn't evil, making sure we know he's a good guy Frodo: falls in love Faramir: Well, blindfold these two innocent-looking dudes and take 'em to our headquarters! On the Road to Helm's Deep Eowyn: Here, have some stew. Aragorn: looks angsty Eowyn: My Uncle told me you're really old. Aragorn: It's true. I'm 87. Eowyn: Wow, you're old. Aragorn: looks angsty Later, On the Road to Helm's Deep Eowyn: So, where'd you get the jewel? Aragorn: Huh? Eowyn: The jewel. On your neck? The only thing on your body that isn't sweaty, dirty, dingy, dark, or disgusting? Aragorn: looks angsty Eowyn: Crap. Flashback Arwen: In case you forgot, we're deeply in love. Aragorn: I dream about you nightly. Arwen: Even though we're not in the book. Aragorn: Well, we get mentioned. Arwen: Love you, doll. Back to the Present Aragorn: I got it from this hot elf chick. Eowyn: Crap. Legolas: My spider senses are tingling. Theoden: We're under attack! Women and children, run for your lives! Eowyn: Except me, right? You'll let me fight, right? Theoden: Hell, no. You stay with the women. Eowyn: looks angsty Aragorn: Don't do that, dollface. Makes you look ugly. Eowyn: Crap. Attack of the Wolves of Isengard Gimli: I can't ride a horse! Warg: Grr! Gimli: I keel you! Legolas: kills warg Gimli: is stuck under the warg Goblin: Grr! Gimli: headtwist! Goblin: dead! New Warg: Grr! Aragorn: behead! Gimli: Whew! Aragorn: falls off cliff Audience: Hah! Take that! Cave in the Forests of Ithilien Frodo and Sam: unblindfolded Faramir: So, chaps, whatcha doing out here in the Forests of Ithilien? Frodo: Uh…we're on vacation. Sam: Mmhmm. That's right. Vacation. Faramir: What are you, his bodyguard? Sam: No, his gardener. Faramir: Rrrriiight. And the third member of your party? Who is that? Your love child? Frodo: Psh. I wish. I mean, there was no other. Faramir: Look, just tell me the truth. Frodo: We came from Rivendell on a special quest that we can't tell you any more about. Faramir: Hey, my brother left from Rivendell on a special quest that he couldn't tell us any more about. Sam: Oh, you're Boromir's brother. Faramir: looks angsty Frodo: falls in love Flashback Boromir: swings dangerously from a flagpole seven stories high Faramir: The men love you! Boromir: BEER! Denethor: I have this special mission that requires an extraordinary amount of tact, subtlety, and intelligence, so I'm going to send my big muscular brute of a son instead of the intelligent one that desperately seeks my approval. Boromir: How does that work? Faramir: Jackass. The Forbidden Pool Faramir: Here's the deal, Frodo. Either you get this gray dude to leave the pool, or I shoot. Frodo: Er…he's my guide. Faramir: Hah! And you told me there's only two of you in your group. Frodo: lures Smeagol out of the pool Rangers: grab beat punch kick throw on the ground Smeagol: becomes schizophrenic again Helm's Deep Aragorn: I'm not dead! Horse: kisses Aragorn Aragorn: Ooohh…Arwen… Horse: Sure, that's my name. Arwen. Aragorn: rides horse to Helm's Deep Aragorn: Wow, you're a really smart horse. Gimli: Yay! Aragorn! You're not dead! Aragorn: Yeah, sure whatever. Hey, Legolas! Gimli: Bitch. Legolas: My spider senses tell me you're late. Aragorn: Very good. Legolas: Here's your jewel back. Gimli: That's not dirty at ALL. Eowyn: falls in love Random Hall in Helm's Deep Theoden: gives an inspiring speech Gimli: blows big, huge horn Gimli: Not dirty at ALL. Caves of Ithilien Faramir: You have the One Ring To Rule Them All. Frodo: How'd you guess? Faramir: My father would hold me above all men if I gave him this Ring. Frodo: He has father issues, too! Faramir: In fact…I think I will bring you back to Gondor with me. Frodo: falls in love Sam: Mr. Frodo? That's a bad thing? Somewhere In Helm's Deep Legolas: My spider senses tell me that we should fortify that wall there. Aragorn: Done and done. Eowyn: Aragorn! I'm supposed to go hide in the caves with the women! Aragorn: Well, you are a woman, unless there's something you're not telling me. Eowyn: But I want to fight! Aragorn: Tough noogies. Eowyn: I LOVE YOU. Aragorn: looks angsty Eowyn: Crap. Osgiliath Faramir: Send these Hobbits to my Father. Tell him Faramir sends a great gift. Nazgul: attack Goblins: invade Gondorians: defend Frodo: stands on top of the wall and holds up the Ring Faramir: