Aeternum Furorem: Book 1 Chapter 1: The Beginning "He's gone." Annabeth Chase said, a little too carefully. If you looked close, her jaw was clenched shut a little too tight. Her eyes were rimmed red. As she expected, no one at the council took the news too well. At first, when she had come back without him, they had all (herself included) expected the unbreakable son of Poseidon to return. But, as time went on, they all began to lose hope. The gods weren't being particularly informative on this front. So this meeting was Annabeth recognizing that the jig was up, so to speak, and that Percy wasn't coming back. She knew, herself, that he was alive. She didn't know how or where or why, but she could feel in her bones (maybe because of all the near-death experiences they had together?) that somehow he wasn't dead. But that begged the question then, just where was he? She could be wrong, she figured. After all, this touchy-feely sixth sense thing she was relying on was the opposite of anything she could readily accept as proof. Maybe she should just forget about it, she thought as she fingered her necklace, just assume he was dead. "Annabeth?" Silena, her ever perceptive blue eyes wide with concern, jostled her out of her circuitous thoughts. The daughter of Aphrodite quirked an eyebrow towards the rest of the room. Ah, right, the council meeting that was...now more of a shouting match. Annabeth nodded, deciding to observe it for a moment before intervening. She sunk a little into her cushy chair, trying to relax her too tense muscles. Clarisse was jabbing her finger accusingly at Will Solace, "Yeah, punk? Well, why didn't you poetry-tards see this coming, huh?" "That's not how the art of prophecy works, moron!" He retorted angrily. "Why don't you dolts just steal us a new hero?" Clarisse spat at Connor and Travis Stoll, evidently deciding to pick an even bigger fight. "Clarisse, calm down, please. Your negativity is destroying my chakras," Katie said, looking like she was trying to center herself. Clarisse laughed darkly, "Oh, I'll show you chakras," and made to jump across the table at the oblivious daughter of Demeter, whose eyes were now squished shut in meditation. "That's quite enough," Annabeth bit out, in her loudest, coolest voice. Okay, good. That still worked. Everyone was frozen, and now staring at her. Their leader. She licked her lips, gods, she was exhausted. She stood up, "Fighting ourselves isn't productive, alright? We have to move on. If it isn't Percy, it's Nico. We have to find DiAngelo, and bring him into the fold." She frowned, remembering the lost, sad little kid they had run into weeks ago. This was going to be horrible. Pollux frowned, "Doesn't he hate the gods?" Annabeth sighed, "He doesn't love the gods. But I believe with the right kind of training, and exposure, he can see that Olympus isn't evil, and also isn't responsible for Bianca's death." "I think we're screwed," Clarisse proclaimed, obviously trying to get a reaction from somebody. Annabeth stared at her for a long moment, she understood what the daughter of Ares was trying to do. Divert, try and find a distraction, try and pick a fight to feel pain in some easily articulable way. It was an admirable effort, it was, but right now, Annabeth didn't care for it much. "I don't care that you're fucking miserable that he's gone, and that we're losing people left and right. We are the ones ending this falls to." Because the gods were apparently incapable. Annabeth felt a pang of understanding for Luke's side of things before she remembered the bloodshed and madness his side caused on a daily basis, and scolded herself for even briefly feeling it. "I want three people on a quest to find DiAngelo." She narrowed her eyes, "Clarisse, Will and Silena, you're in charge of that. Get moving." Castor snickered, "Silena?" Annabeth spun on him, "Do you have a problem with that?" He raised an eyebrow, looking like a handsomer mini-me of his father, "I mean, can she even do anything? No offense, Silena." "I-" "Well, for starters, she has a bigger brain than you do, and can probably kick your ass in a duel. I mean, I'm pretty sure that's what I saw last week, but hey, what do I know. Secondly, do you have a weapon on you, laddie? I know she's carrying at least a knife." Clarisse said haughtily, oblivious to the astonished stares she was getting from everyone including Annabeth. Castor balked under her stare. Beckendorf cleared his throat a little bit, drawing Castor's eye as a screwdriver appeared in his hand, and he twirled it with a dark look on his face. Castor swallowed. Annabeth cleared her throat, pleased she didn't have to take further action, and nodded at a smug looking Silena, "Why aren't you guys gone?" She pointed towards the door expectantly. "We're off, captain. Don't need to tell us twice," and Clarisse, obviously pleased to be doing something useful, strode out of the room, followed by Will who shrugged. Silena kissed Beckendorf, and then strode out after them. Beckendorf nodded to himself, a silly half smile on his face. Annabeth noticed it, just as she noticed Katie shifting in her seat, Conner and Travis both communicating with each other via facial expression, and Elizabeth, the daughter of Hecate, drawing tendrils of colored purple in the air absently. Elizabeth had been Annabeth's addition to the council once she had seen how powerful the girl's magic was a few weeks back. They were in talks to reinforce the wards set up by the golden fleece. Annabeth didn't know a lot about Elizabeth, which might have been concerning, but she had arrived at Camp Half-Blood around the same time Annabeth had, all those years ago and so they knew each other in passing. Once Annabeth had a solid read on the room, and an idea of how to move forward, she cleared her throat, "Now, as for the rest of us-" "ATTACK! ATTACK!" Will bolted back into the room, panting, "There are monsters, loads of them, coming up from near Zeus's labyrinth. We-" Annabeth blinked feeling like she had been submerged in ice water. Distantly, she noted the fuzzy green carpet on the floor. It looked a little like Percy's eyes. "Everyone up, suit up. Then get outside and join in. Someone find Antaeus and Chiron and let them know." Dionysius was up on Olympus for some council meeting that just had to be now, not that he would be much help even if he were here. She pulled her knife out of its sheath, and strode out of the big house without looking back, running towards the forests. It didn't take long before she saw a cyclops lumbering about. It was making its way towards a tiny little blond girl who was just staring at it in astonishment. Oh no. Not another child, not today. Not on her watch. "Hey! MOVE IT!" Annabeth shouted, trying to warn the girl. She threw her knife into the cyclops eye as it turned to look at her, and it disintegrated into dust. The girl was looking at her now, and Annabeth flinched backwards. How-how was it possible? How was that...that wasn't...familiar grey eyes, too intent and too curious peered back at her. It wasn't another child of Athena, no, it had to be...herself? "CHASE! A little help here?" Clarisse growled, fighting three hellhounds at once. She was backed up against a tree, but she was doing an admirable job considering. Every time a hound tried to close the space and get her, she jabbed out with her spear. Annabeth spun around, throwing her knife at one of the hounds and turning it to dust. She blinked. She hadn't even realized she had picked up her knife again, she must have gotten it when she was looking at the girl? She looked back. Where was the kid? A scowling demigod with an eyepatch was swinging a sword as he raced towards her, but the girl was gone. Annabeth ducked as he swung the sword at her in an arch. Shit. Her knife was by Clarisse, by the tree. Wait, no it wasn't. It was in her hand again. What the fuck? She hadn't picked it up. It wasn't like Percy's sword. But she wasn't exactly where she had been a moment ago either. She just...was she losing time? She grimaced as the sword sliced into her side, and decided to think about it later. "That all you got?" She spat, swiftly ducking another of his wide swings and bringing her knife in under his ribs, and straight into his heart. He twitched like he was going to move, but then realized that wasn't happening as he looked at her in horror and promptly fell back to the ground. Dead. Her neck tingled, and she spun just in time to parry a claw. Great. An empusa with poisonous claws was hissing at her in rage, and Annabeth just barely had enough time to duck and roll under its arms as it came towards her for a bearhug. She twisted to face it, realizing distantly that everyone competent with a weapon was fighting, and that somehow meant they were drastically outnumbered given the hordes of monsters surrounding them all. Unbidden, the words of the prophecy came to her... The child of Athena's final stand... oh gods, was she going to die here? She didn't want to die. She stumbled over one of the empusa's donkey legs as she was moving to thrust her blade into it, and saw the sickly green claw coming towards her in slow motion... And then she was on the floor, sweating profusely but miraculously alive. Antaeus stood above her, offering her a calloused hand. She took it, nodding at him, "Thanks." He shook his head, brandishing his sword, "Don't thank me. Back to back." Annabeth blinked before moving, and together they stood to deal with the seven empusae now surrounding them. "Annabeth, it isn't too late. You can save me. Please." She could hear him in her mind while she was fighting. Smell him, in fact. He smelled like sweat and smoke. Luke. She couldn't let him distract her. The last empusa vanished, and Annabeth saw something that made her stomach plummet to the underworld. In the distance, a blond boy (unmistakably Luke) was dueling a fierce Clarisse. Annabeth wondered at how she heard him. Was she imagining things? Clarisse was advancing on him, pushing him into the forest...she was winning. Somehow that terrified Annabeth. But it shouldn't, she rationalized, wondering at the suddenly dwindling numbers of monsters. It seemed like they were retreating, but they didn't really have reason to move out, did they? Her campers were still fighting, but it looked like they were handling themselves well against the much decreased enemy forces. Annabeth ignored Antaeus calling her to wait, and bolted towards Clarisse. She was damned if she wasn't going to help put down that bastard. Bastard? But it was Luke, wasn't it? No. No, it wasn't. It wasn't her Luke. Clarisse was doing well, but clearly tiring. Annabeth didn't understand why Luke wasn't down yet. But wait. Could he be invincible? No...she had to step in or provide support for Clarisse somehow. She was feet away when it happened. One slip up from the daughter of Ares, and Luke's sword found its way into her center. He was sneering. He saw Annabeth, and the sneer turned to a fond smile. Clarisse hissed, and crumpled to the floor, "Finish it, Chase." "Annabeth-" Luke began, hands in the air (one of which was holding a sword with Clarisse's blood on it). Annabeth was angry. Clarisse on the floor made everything boil over, and all of a sudden she was racing towards Luke, her knife hand cocked to stab. She was going to