Grayscale sinking815 April 24 th 2013 A/N: Started as a one-shot inspired by a reviewer request and quickly spiraling into something much longer than that. Let's face it, I just can't help dallying in the universe of Katniss and Gale "what if…" As, always, reviews are greatly appreciated. -iron He had meant it to be a joke. Though the wary gaze she levels him with now makes him think that maybe his tone was a little too harsh. He almost feels bad. Except for the part of him that thinks she shouldn't be out here wandering into other people's business. "I was just looking," she says, her voice surer and stronger than he expected. "Mine never catch anything." Gale steps past her to examine the rabbit hanging from his snare, noticing as he does so how small she really is. How old is she anyway, ten? he thinks. Though she doesn't back down. Her eyes train on him with a look reflective of her confident voice, and he's momentarily intrigued. Even more so when he sees the quiver slung across her back and the bow in her right hand. She narrows her eyes at him, clearly aware of his sudden interest in her weapon. Gray locks on gray and for a moment, Gale thinks she might actually fight him. So he smiles his most disarming smile, and though it doesn't earn him the free pass he usually gets from girls, he does see the iron in her eyes soften ever so slightly. "What's your name?" -ash As they creep through the forest, he notices that she's even quieter than usual. In fact, they've not spoken a word since they met up at their overlook. He knows it shouldn't bother him. He understands. Today marks one year since the death of their fathers. She has every right in the world to be silent. But it does bother him. And he feels guilty that the main reason he feels the harsh breath of the dragon twisting in his chest is because he wants her to speak. To say something so he might know what she's thinking. So he might know what to say in return. He certainly can feel the pain radiating from her silence, and somehow, he thinks knowing that she's toughing through her grief alone only makes him want to help her more. Not that he doesn't miss his own father. God, there's not a day that goes by when Gale doesn't stop at least once to wish for his presence. But if wishes are left unanswered in District 12, they are little more than a waste of breath in the Seam. He all but gave up on wishes before he even properly learned what a wish was. Katniss' arrow zings sharply through the air, and he jumps out of his skin, shocked back into reality. Thankfully, she doesn't notice. She just wends her way to the fallen squirrel, retrieves her arrow, and walks back. "Got something at least," she says, handing him the squirrel so he can stash it in his bag. As Gale accepts the game, he manages to catch her eyes in the briefest of moments and instantly wishes he hadn't. The sheen of tears across her eyes cannot seem to lighten their dull gray. He's afraid of that look. Has never seen such pain in them before. She's always been tough as nails and he's thankful for that. Most girls her age cry at the slightest provocation. But not Catnip. He likes that about her. "Catnip?" he asks. She turns to him and now that was really not a good move, because she fixes him with the full weight of that ashen sorrow. His throat tightens and he thinks he might as well be staring into his own reflection. He can't think of what to say, so he does something that at once feels totally unlike him and completely right. Without hesitation, she walks into his outstretched arms, her stifled sniffles muted against his chest. He almost doesn't notice his own tears sliding down his cheeks. -stone She never cries in front of him again. -steel She stops mid-sentence, turning towards the rustling that comes to his ears a fraction of a second later. He searches the green gloom of the forest and despite the welcome warmer air, he curses the burgeoning canopy that casts long shadows effectively concealing prey when spring thickens. He's much quicker to give up than she does. Gale's always been the more impatient one. He leaves his traps to do the waiting for him. But not Katniss. She'll stalk an animal to the edge of the woods and back, waiting for the precise moment when she can loose an arrow for that single fatal flight. Ironically, Gale would follow her all day long just to watch her in action. She must see something he can't. Her hand reaches back slowly, ever so slowly, to her quiver and her fingers close over the tail of one of her hand-crafted arrows. In one graceful motion, she notches her bow and leans back against the tree for support and seems to freeze. He can't even see the rise and fall of her chest. Her eyes watch some point on the forest floor and he follows her gaze to where he thinks she's staring. One minute passes. Then two, and he starts to think that maybe she's crazy or even more paranoid than him. He's known her for a little over two years, but how much does he really know about Katniss Everdeen? Then, the tail flicks. A flash of white in the forest gloom and almost as if it was a ghost shimmering into existence, the outline of the buck sharpens into focus. The animal is looking away from them, deeper into the forest, and Gale thinks she might not get the shot she wants. He looks back to tell her to just shoot already, because doesn't she know a deer is worth food enough for two families for a week! But he can't say a word when he sees the look of pure determination on her face. Her eyes harden as she focuses, mentally calculating and re-calculating the angle and the flight and the tension. Her lips purse slightly as she blows out one steadying breath after another until she finds the right feel for the release. He risks a glance back to the deer, his nerves on high alert. The buck takes one step away from them, still intently looking at something off in the distance, and it takes everything in Gale not to scream at her to shoot… Then, the buck looks back and Gale hears the soft whoosh of her exhalation just before the zip and twang of her bow as she unleashes her deadly weapon. The arrow buries itself deep in its eye and the buck's head snaps back before its knees buckle, its massive weight collapsing to the ground. Gale's down and out of the tree and at its side only moments later, his knife slicing quick and clean across the beast's throat just in case the arrow wasn't enough. He pulls the shaft from the animal's eye, wiping the bloodied tip in the dirt. When he hears her approach him, he turns to hand her the arrow and finds himself staring into those steely eyes. Then the steel melts, and for the first time, Gale thinks he actually sees her really smile. -slate After that, he starts to live for those smiles and will do anything and everything to get another one. At first, he tries to be subtle. He credits her openly in the Hob. Insists that she's an infallible shot. Even starts skinning her rabbits for her. She just rolls her eyes and tells him that he's going to ruin her recent streak of good luck. While he doesn't earn a smile, he does learn that Catnip harbors a superstitious side. Then, he moves on to presents. Nothing too showy or obvious, no, Katniss would kill him if he ever spent money on her. Just little things to see if she'd notice. One morning he gets up a little earlier and spends a half hour sharpening her arrows. She mumbles thanks and hands him an extra rabbit later when they divide the spoils. The spring breaks into full gear and he stumbles across a patch of her favorite purple flowers during his check of the snare line. He presents them to her, tied together was some extra twin, and he thinks he's getting closer because her eyes shine with amusement, though she doesn't smile. It's when he stops trying that he gets rewarded. In fact, he almost jumps clear out of his skin when the arrow lodges into the ground dangerously close to his feet. He glares at her legs dangling out of the tree over their rock, and wants to ask what the hell she was thinking? And just like that, she smiles before breaking out into laughter and jumping down next to him. "You should have seen your face!" He blinks hard against her gaze, so directly on him and so up close, mesmerized by the deep slate color dancing in her eyes. "Yeah, well it's not every day your hunting partner tries to kill you," he scowls, bending to retrieve her arrow. She huffs something noncommittal and stands there expectantly. That's when he notices the package tied just behind the arrowhead. "Strangest looking squirrel I've ever seen," he teases, holding the bundle out to her. She shakes her head, and her smile widens. "Open it." He hesitates, just so he can drink in her happiness, fresh and untainted, for a moment longer. She bounces slightly with apprehension, and he can see how badly she wants him to do it. He keeps his eyes on her as he unwraps. A sugar cookie with his favorite orange frosting lies in his hand, and for one second, Gale understands the aggravation she feels whenever he threatened to spend on her. He can't stop himself from calculating the cost of the treat, but he also can't help the excitement he feels over her gift. "Katniss…" he starts to say, not sure if thank you or why are the next words to fall out of his mouth. "Happy birthday Gale," she says, cutting him off. She collects her arrow from him and turns before he can voice either one, then calls over her shoulder in her best annoyed voice, "Come on, we're already behind." But when he hurriedly catches up to her and breaks off a piece of cookie, her smile betrays her. -granite They usually keep their respective distances from each other at school. He told her once that he thought it would make it deniability easier if one of them were ever caught. She didn't disagree. But that promise doesn't even cross his mind when he steps down the dusty stairs at the front of the school, Rory gibbering on about his day next to him, and Gale sees three boys from his class pressing her back into the corner. The look on their faces is plain as day, he can see the malicious lust in their eyes, the eager flex of their hands for innocent skin. He tells Rory to hurry home and then stalks away, his vision all red and harsh at the edges. She's smart though, Gale thinks bitterly, as his fists clench on their own accord. Her chin is up, eyes alert and hardened, no sign of fear in her assured stance. Smart enough not to run and make a chase for the pack of dogs. Some part of his mind tells him that he taught her that – get your back covered and keep ready – but it's not comforting in the slightest. "Hawthorne," one of them notices, and smiles a lazy predatory smile as if recognizing another wanting in on the fun. "Care to share?" Gale keeps on coming,