A/N: So yeah…. I'm sure some of you have been wondering why I haven't been posting for my stories, right? Well, this is definitely a big part of the reason. (That, and my brother is now home from college.) This story kinda latched onto my brain and wouldn't let go until I wrote out a bunch of notes for it - and since I have so many things written about it already, why not just write the entire story? Hope you guys enjoy. Edit: 8/2016 Edit: 6/17 Rekindled - Prologue A Treatise on Phoenixes – an excerpt from "A Figuring of Foreign Fowl" by Gulliver Pokeby To begin with, a physical description. Phoenixes are known as one of the most beautiful species of creatures in existence. They are about the size of an average adult swan, with brilliant scarlet and gold plumage. They have round black eyes, often with golden accent feathers surrounding them, as well as an all-purpose beak and the talons of a bird of prey; while they are not known for aggressive behavior, phoenixes are indeed omnivores, and are just as likely to eat meat as they are fruits and nuts. In addition to their physical beauty, they are known to be creatures of pure Light magic, adding a sort of inner radiance to their natural charm. Unfortunately, they are also among the rarest creatures in existence, with only three known domestications in the past millennia - and only a handful more sightings. In addition to the assumedly small number of their population, phoenixes are also known to be highly selective of who or what they associate with. There is a reason that phoenix tail-feather wand cores are so rare – these magnificent birds rarely decide to allow any witch or wizard the honor of a connection to their own magic. Indeed, it is rare in the first place to be compatible with the magic of a phoenix, even when it is so small a portion as a mere feather. Witches or wizards with phoenix-feather wands are often said to be destined for great things. Even more uncommon is a phoenix deciding to form a familiar's bond with a witch or wizard. Their already high criteria for simple association must be even more demanding for one to share in their magic. Out of the three domestications in the past millennia, only one is known to be a familiar. Despite their rarity and private conduct, it is a little known fact that wizards do not actually know everything there is to learn about phoenixes. Of course, since they do not possess the necessary vocal chords for human speech (as several other species of bird do), this could be because all knowledge of phoenixes has been collected purely through observation. Then again, since the already known abilities of phoenixes are so phenomenal, it could just be that few have ever thought they could be even greater than they seem. After all, they can heal the most grievous wounds with just a couple of tears, carry burdens at least seven times their own weight, fly easily at heights that would otherwise kill a bird from freezing or suffocation, teleport through any magical ward in existence, bring courage to their allies and despair to their enemies by simply singing a few notes, and last but certainly not least - they are immortal, forever slipping through Death's fingers, to be reborn in a burst of fire and ash. And with all those gifts, who would think to look for more? Then again, to my way of thinking, this lack of observation simply makes the possibility of phoenixes having thus-far unforeseen abilities all the more probable. In this case, it can be assumed that the unknown talents of phoenixes are either: not comprehensible to humans; not able to be observed simply through the feeble sight humans are equipped with; or so exceedingly rare that they have never been performed in front of a human witness. Gulliver Pokeby, in his educated guesswork about phoenixes, unknowingly hit the nail on the head. In fact, there are several abilities of phoenixes that no human knows about - two of which are particularly relevant at this moment. Firstly, the teleportation of a phoenix is capable of traversing not only physical distance, but also the barriers between universes. In fact, the reason phoenixes are thought to have such a small population is because they are an inter-dimensional species. The only real "hub" of phoenix activity is their home world, and even that is sparsely populated thanks to the infinite worlds ripe for exploring. The only reason that phoenixes were even noted as a species in the Wizarding World, rather than a one-off result of some magical experimentation, is because it is one of the select few worlds popular enough for multiple phoenixes to visit. And Secondly, the most secret art of phoenix magic: under certain conditions, a phoenix may give up their own life, permanently, and transfer all their magic and vitality to a recipient. Of course, a phoenix would only ever resort to this final option under the most dire and specific of circumstances - namely, when one with a connection to their magic (who is thus under their protection) is near death and their healing tears won't do anything beyond expressing sorrow. Since phoenixes are so habitually selective of their company, and who they choose to bond with – and given that phoenix tears have been known to regenerate lost organs – you can understand why no one has ever even dreamed of this particular talent. The conditions of this gift are so particular that there has never really been a possibility of it happening. Then again, Harriet 'Harry' Bryony Potter was known for impossibilities. Rekindled - Chapter One - Through Fire and Flames Cold. That was all Harry Potter could feel at the moment as she collapsed on the hard stone floor of the Chamber of Secrets. Of course, since basilisk venom was starting to spread throughout her entire body, she supposed she should be thankful that all she was getting was a case of the chills as opposed to pain. Oh wait, never mind. There was the pain - burning like ice, eating away at her body like acid dripping through her veins. Was she going to die here? Had she the energy, she would have scoffed in resignation. That sounded like her sort of luck. After an entire decade living under the oppression of the Dursley family, was she only to experience two years in the Wizarding World before her life ended? There was so much more she wanted to see, so much more she wanted to do. She wasn't even out of school yet - heck, she hadn't even finished puberty! She had yet to taste the freedom she had hoped for upon entering this new world - she had constantly been boxed in by the school, her House, even other peoples' perceptions of her. It was always 'The-Girl-Who-Lived' with the wizards, or the 'Potter Girl' to those who kept seeing her parents instead of her - or even the 'Freak' with the Dursleys. She'd never been able to be 'just Harry' like she'd always wanted. And now, it seemed like she never would. Harry looked around blearily, her already horrible vision worsened by the effect of the poison, hoping to find something that might forestall her death. She could see a bright splotch of brilliant scarlet moving toward her. 'Ginny's hair?' she thought for a moment, somewhat relieved that even if she did die down in that dank chamber, at least she had managed to save her friend's little sister. But no, focusing her eyes, she could see that the littlest Weasley was still lying prone on the chilled and slimy stone floor. Thankfully, her skin was less deathly pale, and more the pale of any British citizen - and her breathing was deep and peaceful, rather than the shallow gasps she had been making as the spirit of Tom Riddle drained her life-force. She was still unconscious, but mercifully didn't seem to be in immediate danger anymore. Instead, the splotch of red turned out to be Fawkes, the phoenix familiar of the Headmaster, his scarlet feathers glowing faintly in the darkness of the chamber. Fawkes hopped the last couple of feet toward her, and seemed to examine her with his deep black eyes. Then, the wondrous bird tilted his head to lean over her arm, and thick, pearly tears dripped from his eyes onto the stab wound on her upper arm. A small whisper of hope rose within her. Phoenix tears had healing powers, didn't they? She remembered Dumbledore saying as much during her previous visit to the Headmaster's office. Maybe she wouldn't die down there. But moments later, even as the black veins that had spread from her wound began to disappear, she kept feeling steadily worse. Resignation mixed with resentment welled up in her chest, and her eyes slammed shut. Of course she wouldn't be saved. After all, everyone expected her to be the one doing the saving. Still, she swallowed down the bitterness of her feelings. At least she would be able to meet her parents - even if she did have to leave behind the life that had only just begun to get better. Her eyes flew open again as something warm bumped against her chest. Looking downward, she saw Fawkes resting his forehead against her clavicle. The phoenix looked up at her with solemn eyes. The sorrow she saw in his avian eyes almost took her by surprise, but then, she had always had an inkling that he was much more intelligent than any simple bird. "It's… al…right," Harry managed to force her vocal chords and parched mouth to cooperate. After all, it wasn't Fawkes' fault that she was dying, and he had tried to help – most everyone else hadn't even done that much. "You… tried." Fawkes gave her a long, intense stare. As her vision started to fade, she almost thought he had caught on fire again – like on his burning day – a golden glow beginning to overtake the scarlet of his feathers. His feathery head once again came to a rest upon her breastbone, and suddenly, everything felt different. It felt like she had fallen into the surface of the sun. The all-encompassing feeling of burning alive overpowered the intense cold left by the venom, and then went on to scour through her entire body. Her back bowed at the pain, hands scrabbling at the stone beneath her, eyes and mouth shooting open. It felt like there was molten metal pouring through every orifice in her body - even her eyes - and all she could see was the color gold. Her forehead felt as though a red-hot poker was being held against it. She would have screamed if the gold hadn't been blazing through her throat as well. Then, as abruptly as the sensation had started, it was then gone. Despite its brevity, it had felt like hours because of the sheer amount of pain. Harsh panting filled her ears, and after a moment, she realized she was the one producing the sounds. Opening her eyes, she found that everything was blurrier than before, though she wasn't in pain anymore. In fact, she felt good. Much better than she ever had before, what with the frequent fatigue that came with her malnourished body. She felt almost energized , with a comfortable warmth spread through her entire body. What had happened? She had just been on the verge of dying, and now... she was better than before? That seemed highly unlikely, even to her - the most unlikely person on the face of the planet. She pulled herself up into a sitting position, automatically reaching up to remove her glasses for a cleaning. Instead of receiving a wipe down, the bulky frames slipped from her grasp as shock loosened her