Hey guys! I know I know, I was suppposed to publish it a year ago but, THERES SCHOOL :c. So this is chapter 1 of WiseOwl127. ENJOYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! "Hey guys! So this is my cover of 'Youth' by Troye Sivan " (She starts playing the keyboard) What if What if we run away What if What if we left today What if We said goodbye to safe and sound What if What if we're hard to find What if What if we lost our minds What if We let them fall behind, and they're never found And when the lights start flashing like a photo booth And the stars exploding We'll be fireproof My youth My youth is yours Trippin' on skies, sippin' waterfalls My youth My youth is yours Run away now and forevermore My youth My youth is yours The truth so loud you can't ignore My youth, my youth, my youth My youth is yours What if What if we start to drive What if What if we close our eyes What if We're speeding through red lights into paradise 'Cause we've no time for getting old Mortal bodies, timeless souls Cross your fingers, here we go Oh, oh, oh And when the lights start flashing like a photo booth And the stars exploding We'll be fireproof My youth My youth is yours Trippin' on skies, sippin' waterfalls My youth My youth is yours Run away now and forevermore My youth My youth is yours The truth so loud you can't ignore My youth, my youth, my youth My youth is yours My youth is yours My youth My youth is yours Trippin' on skies, sippin' waterfalls My youth My youth is yours Run away now and forevermore My youth My youth is yours The truth so loud you can't ignore My youth, my youth, my youth My youth is yours Oh, oh, oh My youth is yours Oh, oh, oh My youth is yours (Youth - Troye Sivan) (Go listen to the cover by Jess Bauer. It. Is. Awesome.) "Thank you for watching the video! Remember to like this video and subscribe if you haven't. Bye!" Annabeth POV It's okay, you can do it Annabeth. All you have to do is walk through the doors, duck your head go to the office, take your schedule and walk to class. That's all , my inner voice said. Here I am standing in front of my nightmare, Goode High. Just looking at it makes me want crawl in a hole and never come out. Just walk through the doors and duck your head , my inner voice said again. I took a deep breathe and rushed through the doors without making eye contact. Since I'm a nobody in Goode High, they probably won't notice me. Hi, my name is Annabeth Chase I'm currently 18 years old. Well, there's nothing much to about my life. My dad hates my mom and I, well my mom isn't here anymore. When I was 7 years old, my parents got a divorce because my dad cheated on my mom with my current step-mother. On that day, my mom was picking me up from school as usual. Being a typical curious 7 year old, I kept asking her questions on the way back about my parents, why were they always fighting? Why did she move out? Why is there another woman now staying with my dad? She got annoyed at my questions and lost focus on driving. A lorry swerved into us at a junction and the collision was so strong, I had to stay in the hospital for 2 months and my mom? You can guess what happened. My dad, like I said earlier, hates me. After my mom had died, he started drinking. A lot. So he used to talk the times he had with my mom, that's why my lovely step mother despises me I look too much like my mom, reminds my dad of my mom that's why he keeps talking about her when he's drunk. Anyway, as he drank, he would yell at me, blaming me for killing my mom, telling me I look too much like my mom. Thats when he got married to my step mother, Susan. My step mother would glare whenever she sees me, thats why I never spend time at home. I'm normally at the library. As I turned 16, I know why Susan hates me so much. Its not only because I look like my mom, it's also because she knew she would always be the second in my fathers heart, sure he loves her, but she'll never be the first, and I'm the one that reminds her about that because I'm my moms child. Thanks to my dad, he made me believe that I was the cause of my mothers death. Every night, I would cry myself to sleep. Having nightmares. Panic attacks. I used too but not anymore. Why? One word, music. I used to sing with my mom when I was young, until she died. I stopped music for 8 years. Singing, guitar and piano. Until I heard a song on Youtube. That song touched my heart, it was exactly how I felt after my mom died, and that inspired me to sing again. Make music. On YouTube. I did it for fun, as a hobby. I didn't know I was gonna be famous. Yeah, me, the nerd, Annabeth Chase is a famous youtuber. Can you imagine it? I can't. I don't remember what's the number of views of the new cover I did yesterday, It was a rea- Next thing I knew I was on the floor with all my books scattered on the floor. " I am so sorry. I didn't see you coming, I was distracted by that couple blocking my way just now. They were making out, you see. Are you okay? Are you-" " I'm fine, jeez. Stop rambling." My hands immedietly flew to my mouth. That guy that bumped into me earlier had an amused expression on his so I had time to study him. He has raven black hair, approximately 5'10, a little buff and a tanned. But there's something special about his eyes, it's a unique shade of green. It's so beautiful, I didn't realized I was staring at it until now. " Wow, um, okay. My name is Percy, Percy Jackson." He held out his hands for me to shake. I looked at his hand like it was a something weird. He cleared his throat and asked me "So, what's your name, blondie?" "Don't call me blondie" I said immedietly. He raised his hands up " Okay not blondie then. Um.." I continued picking my books up "Seriously, I can't think of anything else." "Annabeth," I said quietly. "Pretty name, Annabeth" He said grinning. I blushed and stood up with my books in my hands "Bye I got to go to class." "Wait! Hold up! Jesus slow down" he shouted after me. I slowed my pace so he could catch up with me. "I raised my eyebrows and smirked "Why? Can't catch up? I'll walked slower for you, your majesty " I said mocking a bow. "Oh, you would do that for me? Why, it is such an honour" We both stared into each other and started laughing. Woah Annabeth is laughing with a boy. Not just any boy, I'm laughing with Percy freaking Jackson. A popular boy I just met. Woah. Holy tofu. What am I doing, I barely know him! Why am I joking with him? No, I'm a nobody. He's probably talking to me because he pities me. Not because he wants to be my friend, he'll be too embarrassed to hang out with me anyway. "Hey, what's wrong? Are you okay?" Percy asked me, he must have notice that my expression changed. "Yeah, I really need to go to class" After saying that I rushed to class, ignoring the calls of my name. I thought I was finally alone. Unfortunately, the students I feared most since sophomore year accompanied me. "Hey Annabelle, I see you talked to Prince Charming today, huh?" Brittney shoved towards the row of lockers. You people wanna know her? Lovely, since she's my favorite person, I'll do a short introduction. Brittney Stevens Age: 18 Hair: Dyed Blonde hair Eye: Blue Likes to : 1. wear clothes that's too small for her 2. flirt with boys 3. bully (people like me ) Hates: Not getting what she wants There ya go. Oh, well I have to reply her. I nodded and ducked my head. "Look at this pathetic little nerd. Listen here Annabelle, Percy Jackson is mine . Don't you dare talk to him ever again, okay? If you do -"she slapped me across the face, tears threatened to spill my eyes. "this happens. Don't even try Annie, he's probably too embarrassed to-" "Too embarrassed to what?" Percy appeared out of nowhere. Percy POV Annabeth just rushed to class, ignoring the calls of her name. Hm... does she know my secret? She couldn't. Right? Wait. If she knew... she wouldn't avoid me. Confusing. I shook my head and walked to class. THUMP! I stopped my tracks to listen. Sounds like someone being shoved and fell on the locker. I approached the sound slowly until I could hear the conversation they're having. "- Percy Jackon is mine. Don't you dare talk to him ever again, okay? If you do-" SMACK! I'm guessing Brittney was the one who slapped Annabeth "- this happens. Don't even try Annie (So it was Annabeth), He's probably too embarrassed to-" I decided to pop out of nowhere. "Too embarrassed to what?" I said coolly "Oh hey Percy! I was just wondering if you wanna hang out tonight?" Brittney asked batting her eyelashes at me. I turned to Annabeth to see if she was okay. She nodded as if she read my mind, but no her cheek was red at the place where Brittney slapped her. "Oh, don't worry about Anniebelle, she just a nerd and a nobody, don't need to care about her" Brittney said hooking her arm with mine. I pulled my arm off of her and said "First things first, her name is Annabeth, if you don't know how to read it, it's A-N-N-A, Anna, B-E-T-H, Beth, ANNABETH. Or do you need to go to Kindergarden again? Second thing is, even if I met her for only a few minutes, she seems pretty cool, so I WILL hang out with her. And last but not least, you do not own me, so I can hang ouut with her as much as I want and I do not want to date you, because, hmm, let me think," I pretended to think with my arms crossed and Brittney fuming "One, you bully, Two, you bully therefore you disgust me, Three, too noisy and lastly four, I don't like you" After that, I could see her face red with anger and stomping away with heels. Heels I have no idea how girls do that without spraining their ankles. "Thank you, for sticking up for me" Annabeth whispered to me "Hey, no problem, anything for a pretty girl," She blushed and walked to class. "Hey!" I shouted and she turned "See you at lunch?" she smiled at me and walked away. My mouth formed a smile and then I turned to walk to class. Helloooooooooo, my name is Percy, Percy Jackson. Actually, my name is Perseus, yes, it's the name of the greek hero. I honestly don't know why my parents name me that, but I do know that I don't really like to called Perseus, I prefer Percy. I'm 18 years old, not officially, my birthday hasn't pass and I'm a senior. Yay! I live with my mom and my step dad, Paul Blowfis, not Blowfish. If you're wondering why I have a step dad in the first place, it's because