Author's Note: So, this is my first time doing this. This story is going to be a bit between AU , movie and book. But it will mostly be AU. I know it says Garrett and OC pairing, but Garrett won't appear until the next chapter. Bare with me and sorry for any mistakes. "And in other news, another teenager has gone missing," the news reporter in the television somberly said, "sixteen year old Dean Connor was last seen at a café near Seattle mall. His mother…" Ruby Jane Cullen grimaced as the news reported kept talking. The killings have been escalating more and more each passing week. Her golden eyes scanned around the room. The eighteen year old could see the worried expression on her family's faces. Especially on her adoptive parents, Carlisle and Esme Cullen. Rosalie and Jasper Cullen, her adoptive brother and sister, were staring at the TV with intensity. Ruby knew that Jasper wanted to go to Seattle and take care of the problem. But whenever he brought the subject, Carlisle would tell him no. Emmett, her other adoptive brother, was getting impatient…as well as her. Only Alice and Edward, her other adoptive sister and biological brother, agreed with Carlisle. They needed to wait for the right opportunity to approach the newborn. Carlisle was afraid that they would chase the newborn away and that it would terrorize another city. Not only did they had to worry about the newborn, but also Victoria and the Volturi. Ever since the rescue of her brother, Alice has been keeping a close eye on the leaders of the Volturi, especially Aro. He had taken a great interest on not only her brother and sister but Bella as well. Victoria had managed to escape her brother, while he had been tracking her. Alice had seen Victoria but it looked like the redhead would always change her mind on coming back from Forks. She has been annoying since the moment the three nomads walked in during their baseball game. Ruby hated to admit that Victoria had great skills on hiding, but she knew that redhead couldn't stay away for long. "Another one," Esme sadly said. "It's the third one this week." Ruby could hear the distress on her mother's voice. She grasped Esme's hand gave it a comforting squeeze. The motherly vampire smiled softly at her and held her hand as they continued to watch the news. "It's getting out of hand," Carlisle sighed heavily. He rubbed his forehead in frustration. "This will get the attention of the Volturi if it's not stopped." Jasper grunted in agreement. They all heard the door opened, knowing that Alice had come home. They heard Edward dropping her off and speeding away towards Bella's house. A second later, Alice joined them in the living room. She took a seat between Jasper and Emmett. "I had another vision of Victoria during lunch today," Alice informed them. Everyone turned their attention away from the tv to the pixie haired vampire. "And?" Rosalie raised an eyebrow. "What else?" "I saw her running through the woods. Probably making up her decision to kill Bella," Alice grimaced. "Edward said that he will take care of it." "How?" Esme asked, worried about her son's girlfriend's safety. Alice glanced at the flat screen in the living room. "He said that he is going to mention the tickets to see Renée to Charlie. It won't be easy, but Charlie will let them go anyways." "That will be an interesting conversation to have," Ruby snickered, turning her attention to the news again. Emmett chuckled. "Charlie is definitely going to yell at Edward." "And little Eddie will be on his best behavior even if he is been yelled at," she chuckled quietly. Esme chastised at both of her children. "Behave you two." Ruby and Emmett shared one last smirk before they calmed down. "Has that been the only vision you had of Victoria, Alice?" Carlisle asked the pixie haired vampire. Alice nodded. "I was trying during classes to see if I can get another glimpse of her. But so far, there is nothing coming up. I'm having difficulty trying to locate where she is hiding." "Maybe we should put a protective detail on Bella. For her and Charlie's safety," Esme turned to look at her husband. "Why?" Rosalie frowned. "It would be just a waste of time." Alice glared at the blonde. "Don't start." "She's right," Ruby turned to look at Alice. "There is no point on doing one if Bella is not going to be here. You just said that Bella and my brother would be going to visit Renee. They will be miles away when Victoria comes back." "We should focus on taking down Victoria," Emmett nodded in agreement with his sister. "With all of us there, she won't be able to escape." "When they come back, we need to keep a closer watch on Bella," Alice shrugged. "Two of us could stay outside her house in case Victoria does manage to escape." "She is not going to," Jasper wrapped his arm around his wife. He could feel the tension growing in the room. "We should still keep a closer eye on Bella and Charlie," Esme turned to look at Carlisle. Rosalie let out a frustrated sigh. "Rose? Do you think you can take a look at my car? I think it needs some fixing to do," Ruby asked her blonde sister. Alice and Rosalie would fight for hours and no one was in the mood for that. It would have been entertaining to watch but now wasn't a good time. "I think something is wrong with the brakes." Rosalie smiled knowingly at her, "Let me check it out." "You should sell your car," Emmett took his eyes away from Rosalie, who was working on Ruby's car. "Hell no!" The curly black haired vampire frowned at him. "That's my baby right there." She turned her attention back to her car. Unlike the rest of her siblings, Ruby love classic cars. She only had one car and it was a beauty. It was a black 1969 Ford Mustang boss 429. It pained her that she couldn't drive it around Forks, since she was supposed to be away at college with Jasper, Rosalie, and Emmett. The only ones that use her car were herself and Esme, when she needs to go get groceries. Her car was one of the very few possessions that she was really fond of. Her guitars came in second. Emmett used to challenge her on races but stopped after he kept losing, since his Jeep wasn't fast enough. "Sooner or later you will have to get a new one," Emmett smirked. Ruby glared at him. "I prefer never." "Can one of you pass me the wrench?" Rosalie asked from under the car, sticking out her arm. Emmett swiftly passed the tool and turned back to look at Ruby. "Your car will end like Bella's." Ruby hissed. "That truck was a lost cause before they gave it to her. You should be telling her to get a new truck." Before he could respond, the three vampires heard the front door open. They were too involved in their conversation that they didn't hear Edward's car approaching the house. Edward's laughter bounced off the walls as him and Bella walked in the house. "Ugh," Rosalie scrunched her nose upon hearing Bella's voice coming from the living room. Ruby let out a small chuckle and rolled her eyes. "I'll tell her you said hi and sent her some of your love." The blonde snarled at her dark haired sister. Emmett let out a laugh as Ruby exited the garage. It was a good thing Alice and Jasper went out hunting or the pixie haired vampire would have picked a fight with Rosalie over her manners towards Bella. She entered the living room in the second floor and smiled at her brother and his girlfriend. "Alice told us about the graduation party." An hour after her, Emmett and Rosalie were in the garage, Alice had told them about planning a graduation party. Rosalie wasn't thrilled with the plan. But Emmett and Ruby were. It would be nice to have a party for Bella and her classmates. Carlisle and Esme thought it would be a good idea, since it would take the disappearances out of the teenagers' mind, even if it was only for a couple of hours. "She did?" Bella winced. "Well, you know Alice," the wavy dark haired vampire shrugged. "I would be surprised if she didn't throw one at all. Expect lots of lights around the place." "Where is she anyways?" Bella asked as she pushed some of her hair behind her ear. "Hunting with Jasper. Rosalie and Emmett are working on my baby," Ruby winked at her. Bella let out a chuckled, knowing to what the vampire was referring to. Soft footsteps approached the living room and Esme smiled warmly at Bella. She hugged the human and asked how her day was. Ruby was distracted when her brother grasped her elbow. She frowned but followed him out to the balcony. Once outside the balcony, Edward let go of his sister's elbow. He softly closed the door behind them, smiling softly at Bella and Esme. He turned around and noticed his older sister had hopped on the wooden railing and staring at him curiously. "Has Alice had another vision on Victoria today?" Edward asked her as he walked towards her. He rested his elbows on the balcony railing close to where his sister was sitting, and leaned forward to gaze over the forest. "No. She tried but no avail. It's frustrating her," she frowned. She looked up at the darkening sky and frowned. "Another human disappeared. This time a boy name Dean Connor." "I know. I saw his name on the paper today," Edward grimaced. "I try to get Bella to change her mind about transforming." "Let me guess…she told you to shove that idea up where the sun doesn't shine." Edward frowned at his sister's smirk. "This is serious!" "Well, you know that I voted no for Bella's transformation," Ruby shrugged. She felt eyes on them and glanced at the glass balcony door. She could see Esme staring at them with worry on her eyes. She smiled reassuringly at her before staring up at the sky again. Ruby had voted for Bella's immortality when they all came back to Forks along with the rest of the Cullens. She voted a no on Bella. Not because she didn't like her but because just like Rosalie, dying as a human would have been a better alternative. She remembered the hurt on Bella's eyes even after she had explained on why she said no. "But you chose to stay with her, despite everything. It's her decision anyways, Eddie. She already has her mind set to it. She is as stubborn as you," Ruby said softly. "Maybe taking her to Renee for the weekend will maybe change her mind," Edward sighed. "Or at least buy her some more time on being human." "Or maybe you are just been overprotective and don't want Victoria to get near her," the eighteen year old rolled her golden eyes. Her brother grunted. "There are eight of us against one redhead vampire. I think we can manage to tear her apart." Edward stayed quiet for a minute before speaking up again. "I just hope once Bella sees Renee it will change her mind about her been human." Ruby snorted and hopped off the railing. "As if," she patted her brother on his back before walking back in the house, with Edward following behind. "What are you two talking about?" Bella asked, with Esme's arm wrapped around her shoulders The dark haired vampire just grinned at her before looking back at her brother. "Don't forget to take some sun block when you go to Florida." Her brother rolled her eyes. "I'm going to be