Summary : Although the craziness surrounding Scorpius' and Albus Severus' fourth year at Hogwarts tore Ginny and Harry apart, it brought Harry to a life of love and happiness with Draco Malfoy. A few years later, Draco is contacted about sensitive information regarding the death of Sirius Black. Tormented by the memory, Harry agrees to go with Draco to Azkaban to interrogate Death Eaters present during the break-in at the Department of Mysteries to find out the truth. Afterwards, Harry is taken from their home. The kidnappers demand the release of Death Eater, Walden Macnair, in exchange for information on his whereabouts. Draco and his team of Aurors use mobile phones, surveillance equipment, and vehicles to move through Muggle London trying to find him. WARNING: Major Character Death Notes : First and foremost, so much love and many thanks to my amazing betas, AshesOfLauren and Enigmaeneel, without whom I'd never have had the courage to actually post something longer than 1000 words... ((Seriously, this is my first multi-chapter, EVER.)) Inspired by LA.8.23 DISCLAIMER: All canon characters, plots, and situations from the Harry Potter series belong to JK Rowling. "Remind me again why I decided running with you in the mornings would be fun?" Harry asked, slightly out of breath. "I can barely keep up with your gigantic stride. Plus, this pace you've set is brutal." "Come on, Potter," Draco teased, laughter shining in his eyes. "You aren't that out of shape, are you?" Harry paused. He linked his fingers behind his head, taking a deep breath. "Out of shape?" he asked, feigning offense. "How could you say that after last night?" Draco smirked, his eyes darkening. "Fair point. Race you to the top?" Harry laughed. He knew the man could easily beat him. However, he never backed down from a challenge. "Sure. Do you see the green car on the corner?" he questioned, his eyes narrowing slightly as he pointed up the road. Draco nodded. "Yeah. Are you ready?" he quipped. "I was born ready." Harry raised his eyebrows, his hair slightly uncovering his scar as he gave Draco's arse a playful smack. "All right. Let's do it. Ready, set-" Draco started, but Harry had already taken off. "Hey!" Draco sprinted, easily gaining on and surpassing Harry, reaching the car ten steps ahead of the other man. As he turned to announce his victory, Harry hurried past him. "What are you doing?" Draco scoffed. "You said to the green car! I've obviously won." "I changed my mind," Harry said casually, turning to look back at the blond over his shoulder. "In the middle of the race?" Harry shrugged. "I want to get back to the house, maybe take a nice, hot shower," he said licking his lips suggestively. "Hot shower?" Draco's eyes sparkled, though he was trying to hide the excitement in his voice. "What's up? Harry quipped. "I thought you were a long-distance man?" Laughing, Harry raced around the corner out of sight, a slight pop announcing his disapparation. "Oh, hell yes." Draco grinned to himself, following after his husband. Draco moved about the kitchen preparing his breakfast. He found he rather enjoyed cooking once he had taken Harry's advice about not using the house elves for everything. And, though he had always eaten in the large banquet room of the Manor, Draco also found he appreciated the simplicity of eating in the space provided, with family. Taking his plate, Draco made his way over to the kitchen table, sitting down next to the dark-haired boy reading the Daily Prophet. "How about we go to Diagon Alley this weekend, Albus?" Draco asked, buttering his toast. "I'm sure you've gotten your supply list, as has Scorpius." "Sounds good." Albus put down the paper, displaying an image of an elite racing broom. He was careful to position the paper just right, and for his seemingly innocent efforts, the placement was perfect. Taking a sip of his tea, Albus watched as Draco eyed the article in fascination. "While we are there," Albus started, "can we check out Quality Quidditch Supplies?" Draco glanced up. He studied the boy, trying to mask his pride. Oh yes, Albus was definitely a Slytherin. "I suppose," he said calmly. He didn't want to sound too eager himself. Albus smiled, unable to contain his excitement. "I hear they have a new racing broom that rivals that relic of a Firebolt dad still cherishes." "I heard that," Harry muttered from the hallway. Albus rolled his eyes, sending a pleading look to Draco. The man gave a quick nod and wink as Harry entered the kitchen. He shook his head at the pair, knowingly. "At least Scorpius is on my side," Harry mused, rifling through the pantry for something to eat. "When does he get back from visiting his grandparents?" "Tonight," Albus said, adding, "We've got plans with Rose and Hugo." "Sounds like fun," Harry offered, walking cautiously around the table, eyeing Draco's toast. With the swiftness of a seeker, he snatched it and circled back around just out of the flailing blond's reach. "I mean," Harry said, his mouth full of buttery goodness, "I'm only saving the world." Draco scoffed, a snarky reply on the tip of his tongue when the fireplace rumbled. Harry smiled slyly at the interruption. Draco glared at the man, giving him his signature Malfoy sneer. In a sickly sweet voice, he purred, "I'll get it, my savior." He disappeared into the entrance hall leaving Albus and Harry snickering behind him. "So, my dear son," Harry said as he smacked lightheartedly at the boy's arm. "You think my broom is a relic, do you?" Draco returned to the kitchen to find Harry finishing up the dishes. "Everything okay?" Harry inquired, whipping the wet towel playfully at Draco's legs. "All good. Did Albus leave?" Draco asked, taking the towel from Harry. Before the man could answer, Draco grabbed him around the waist and pulled him into a tight embrace. Turning his head, he captured Harry's lips with his own. Harry moaned, parting his lips slightly as Draco's tongue caressed the edge. "Is that a yes?" Draco mumbled against Harry's lips. Harry gasped in response, losing himself in the sensation as Draco's tongue slipped further into his mouth. Draco's hand moved down Harry's back cupping his arse. Harry gasped again when Draco broke the kiss. Taking a deep breath, Draco stepped back, composing himself. "So, do you feel like working today?" "Not anymore," Harry grumbled, pulling away from Draco, folding his arms over his chest. "You are always such a tease." "It's your fault," Draco laughed. "You're insatiable. Anyway, I think you will want to hear about the floo call." "I nearly forgot about that," Harry said irritably. "It had better be worth it." "Avery and Mulciber want to give up some information," Draco said, his voice becoming quieter as he continued. "In exchange for reduced sentences, of course." Harry gave Draco a confused look, "What could they possibly have to offer after all these years?" Draco sighed, "Information regarding the death of Sirius Black during the break-in at the Department of Mysteries." Harry paled, his heart stopping. Staggering to the table, he sat down and took off his glasses. Harry put his hands over his eyes, rubbing them furiously. He took a moment to himself. Though it was many years ago, Harry still had a hard time talking about parts of the war, especially all of the casualties. Draco walked over, gently stroking Harry's shoulders. "I know, love. They won't speak to anyone except you. They claim to need a familiar face-" "You have a familiar face," Harry interrupted, not bothering to hide the contempt in his voice. "Someone they can trust," Draco continued, trying not to wince at Harry's words. He knew it wasn't personal, but even he was haunted by his past. Harry sighed, standing to face his husband. "I'm sorry. Of course I will go with you." He placed his arms around Draco's neck, burying his face into the soft flesh beneath his ear, sucking, kissing, and nipping. "Before we head to Azkaban, I'd like to propose a different race." "Are you sure about this?" Draco asked, not daring to look directly into the other man's eyes. Harry stowed his wand in his front pocket. He placed a small stack of case files on the conveyor belt and walked through the metal detector. "Step this way and lift your arms, Mr. Potter," the armed guard snapped. Harry complied, watching suspiciously as the man patted his robes. Though the annoyance plastered on his face was clear, Harry was grateful Kingsley had listened to reason and installed Muggle technology at Azkaban after the war. "Not in the least," Harry said finally, gathering the files. "Is this all the information you have on the two death-" "You're next, Malfoy," the guard interrupted, sneering; a look of disgust spread across his face. "Of course, sir," Draco spat, slapping the guard on the back like old friends. "It's been awhile. How are the kids?" Harry elbowed the blond in the ribs. "This is not the time for pettiness." "The git will never get over the time I spent in here as a teenager," Draco said under his breath as the guard gave him one final pat. "Well, I have," Harry retorted, taking Draco's hand and leading him to the main entrance of the holding cells. "That's all that matters, love." When they were out of earshot, Harry asked again, "Is this all the Department of Magical Law Enforcement has on Avery and Mulciber?" "Yes," Draco sighed. "There isn't much on Mulciber. Well, not more than you already know firsthand anyway. It was Avery who told the Dark Lord that it would be possible to obtain the prophecy by way of the Imperius Curse. File says Bode was the unlucky victim. However, if Avery had bothered to listen to the old man, he would have known that prophecies are protected by spells. The only problem is-" "They can only be retrieved by the person about whom they were made. Yes, I know," Harry interjected, squeezing Draco's hand. They walked down the hallway in silence for a few moments before Draco began speaking again. "Right," Draco continued, "Anyway, Avery was punished by Voldemort." Suddenly, Draco stopped walking. Feigning shock, the man gasped clutching at his chest. Harry turn just as Draco asked, "Wait, you do know who he is, right?" Harry noticed a wicked smirk playing on the man's lips. "Oh, yeah. I remember," Harry said, failing to contain his laughter. "The evil guy, right? Lived in your house? He was probably in love with you. Whatever happened to him?" "You killed him." "That's right," Harry chuckled. "My bad." For a split second, Draco noticed a liveliness in his husband's eyes that had been missing for some time. Salazar, he loved this man. "Anyway, that's all I was privy to," Draco said, continuing down the hallway, through the second guard's station. "For what it's worth, I am not sure what more they could have to offer. Their information could be useless." "I know," Harry said flatly. "I've prepared myself for the possibility they just want to pour salt into old wounds. After all, they will say anything to get a sentence reduction." "Mm-hmm." "Well, if either of them is lying, I'll know it," Harry said, determinedly. He sighed, looking at the closed door in front of them. "Let's get this over with." Draco leaned against the wall. Though his heart was beating out of his chest, he wore a bored expression upon his face. This wasn't his fight. He was here for Harry; nothing more. Slowly, Draco turned, catching a glimpse of the dark haired man. His heart shattered. Harry was fidgeting behind the desk impatiently, his face wrought with worry. "You do not have to do this," Draco started, grateful his voice didn't waver. "I can-" "I'm all right," Harry growled, cutting Draco off. "Sorry." "Are you sure Hermione