Title: Wild Hearts Genre: Romance Rating: M Pairing: Éomer/Lothíriel Disclaimer: The Lord of The Rings and everything concerning it belongs to J. R. R. Tolkien. I own nothing and make no financial profit by writing this. Summary: For all that she knew of the world had until this day made her believe that there was no such thing as love at first sight. Author's Note: I don't know what this is. I'm sick and this just came to me, and I had to write it because it's not like I can do anything else in the bed. I had to upload it as well. I'm sure this is at least partly because of the medication This is not that thing I've talked about in Author's Notes of House of Sun. That's something far larger and more epic. This is just another manifestation of my thing for the "Éomer and Lothíriel meet before the war" angle. I don't think this will be long, though. I suppose this is something that could go far longer and larger if I just worked on it, but I need to get House of Sun done and I really really want to start working on that other thing too. I'm the strange breed that is both for the reason and the romance at the same time. Romance has to be well written for me to like it - but when it is well written I ship it like FedEx. This is not to say I consider myself the Great Master of Romance. It just means that while I might not support ideas like love at first sight in real world, I love to see them well executed in fanfiction. This is such an attempt. Hopefully it will make you believe in love at first sight, if only until the end of the chapter. But as she looked on him, doom fell upon her, and she loved him; yet she slipped from his arms and vanished from his sight even as the day was breaking. - Of Beren and Lúthien. Chapter 1 My lord Denethor - You need not remind me of the old friendship between our kingdoms, and gladly do I answer your call for help. The safety of the realm of Gondor is a matter that is close to my heart, as it has been a concern for all the Kings of the Mark since the time of Eorl the Young. However, I must regretfully inform I can't quite send you a force as large as you were hoping for. The situation has not been too good in my own kingdom as of late, and my riders are direly needed to protect the lands of the Rohirrim. As such I send half the amount of men you asked for. This should not be problem, I hope. For I have sent you one of my most valiant captains – that is Lord Éomer my nephew, for whom I have great expectations and intend to raise a Marshal of the Mark very soon. This I hope will convince you of his skill of leading men. Young man he is, but I assure you can trust him to give you the best aid imaginable, and under his leadership the men I have sent will be as efficient as if I there were twice the amount of riders. I wish the best luck for the campaign, and may the children of Men stand ever brave and valiant against the shadow. With best regards, Théoden King of Rohan April 3016, Minas Tirith Denethor, the Steward of Gondor, spent a long moment reading and re-reading the letter sent to him by King Théoden. Troubled he felt as he doubted half the men he had asked could achieve what he had in mind. A campaign in Ithilien did require more riders, he deemed... but then, the Rohirrim took much pride in their cavalry and their skills in riding – and for a good reason, it was said. Finer horsemen were not to be found anywhere else in Middle-earth. In their eyes half of the force he had hoped for was probably more than enough. At last he looked up from the letter and to the man standing before him. Upon his arrival from west this rider had introduced himself as Lord Éomer and he was the captain Théoden had written about. He was very tall, perhaps taller even than Boromir himself. Though the layers of heavy armour probably contorted the proportions somewhat, he was obviously of broad build, like those blond giants of the North usually were. And golden-haired he was, with that wild mane falling on his shoulders. Théoden had written his nephew was young but even Denethor, a man of keen sight, had some difficulty remembering that when studying the face of this rider: he was stern of look and returned Denethor's gaze steadily. The expression in the Rohir's eyes was sharp and discerning and he never showed any sign of being uncomfortable under Denethor's close scrutiny. Standing with his feet apart in a manner of a swordsman, this rider had an air of authority, of a man who knew how to command and who fawned for no one. "Your uncle the King writes he could only send half the men I was hoping for", Denethor said at last when the silence had started to grow awkward. His words did not seem to affect the Rohir too much. "I understand your concern, my lord, but I assure you the force that rides with me is large enough for what you have planned. These are some of the best men from the éored of Marshal Ánfeald of Aldburg", answered the horselord calmly. Denethor regarded the man on the front of him thoughtfully. How old was this rider anyway? Usually the Steward had no trouble guessing the ages of men, but now he had not the slightest idea. Surely this rider could not be of similar age as Boromir? Yet he could not imagine Rohirrim appointing young fickle men as captains. "I hope you don't mind me asking how long have you served under the King?" he inquired, deciding it was probably not the best to directly ask for the man's age. "Nine years. Ever since I turned sixteen. Before that, I had been training for many years already", said the rider, and his face did not betray what he may think of Denethor's question. He was only 25 years old! No man of Gondor could ever dream of having such a responsible position so young. But then, as he looked at the Rohir again, he thought of his own sons at that age. This Lord Éomer did not seem at all like Boromir and Faramir in their twenties; the sharp look in the dark eyes and the beard he sported did give him the air of an older man. "And you're captain already?" Denethor asked. "Aye, I have been given that honour", said the young man. The Steward made a non-committal sound and leant back in his chair. Either Théoden had very poor judgement for elevating young reckless men, or this rider was precisely as efficient as his King thought him. The way this Rohirric captain stood and regarded him did at least suggest the latter. Long experience had taught Denethor that men who could keep their calm on the front of him, even retain their own authority with such ease, were not usually the useless kind. "Still, I would have imagined the King should take this matter more seriously. After all, Gondor is the only thing that stands between Rohan and east", Denethor pointed out then. If this somehow irked the rider it didn't show; his expression remained calm and steadfast. "Lord, Théoden takes the matter with all solemnity imaginable. But there are many dangers threatening our lands and our freedom these days, and not all of those dangers come from east. The Mark stands guard to Gondor just as well, for no one ever said the danger can't one time come from west or north. If guard is not kept in Rohan and Sons of Eorl won't defend their own realm as well, no rider will ever be able to come to the aid of Gondor", he answered. Denethor frowned to himself and fell silent for a moment. Proud were the Men of the North and headstrong, and they had never envied the legacy of the sea that was in the blood of old Westernesse. They were content in their own ways and memories. But to him they seemed wild and unreliable, though he did not say that out loud. Insulting Théoden's own kin would not ensure the help of these ferocious children of the north. "Fine. I do hope your uncle has made the right call in this, and the quest will not end in disaster", said the Steward, sitting straighter in his chair. He regarded the young rider with renewed alertness, "Captain, I'd have you introduce yourself to my sons Boromir and Faramir, who will lead the campaign. Boromir will explain you the details. But I would like to emphasis that this a quest of great importance, and it depends on the secrecy." "Of course, my lord. My men are quite capable of stealth when needed. You can trust in the strength of Eorlingas", said the Rohir calmly. Soon after, he exited to make the acquaintance Boromir and Faramir. As for Denethor himself, he spent a long while wondering what would come out of this campaign... and if the golden-haired horselord could be trusted to carry out his part as well as Théoden's words would imply. Sunset was at hand when Éomer, nephew to Théoden King and Captain of Marshal Ánfeald of Aldburg, made his way to the royal stables of the Citadel. Entire day had gone by in the negotiations between him and the two sons of the Steward: Boromir and Faramir had outlined their ideas for purging the woods of Ithilien. Worrisome tidings of increased orc activity in that area had come to the ears of two Gondorian captains, and they were suspecting the orcs were attempting to establish some outpost there, to make easier their assaults to west and south. Such thing could not be tolerated, and a swift and strong strike was in order. They were set to leave the next evening and make use of the cover of the night. Lord Boromir would have had them depart already today but Éomer had insisted his men and the horses get a proper night's rest after the long journey from the Mark. After being tasked with something so important he wasn't going to compromise the well-being of his riders and their steeds. As he entered the stables with the intention of seeing all was well with his own horse, he thought of the Steward and his sons. Of Denethor he wasn't sure what he thought, but his sons were not quite as distant or critical as the great lord himself. The Steward had hid it well but Éomer had not missed a flash of doubt in the man's sharp grey eyes. Well, he had expected something of the sort, because the man was known for his pride and his people of their prejudices towards Rohirrim, even despite the alliance between the two realms. But he'd do his duty, and aid the Steward's sons the best he could... and then hopefully he'd be able to go home and return to the usual routine, in which he was content. Grand as this great city was, he wasn't so sure he liked it too well. He was in the middle of checking his stallion's feet when he first saw her. She was leading a chestnut gelding by reins, looking wind-blown from a ride. Locks of dark hair had escaped from her long and thick braid that reached all the way down to the small of her back. Slender she was, and tall as well, perhaps of equal