Title: Marshal's Wife Genre: Romance Rating: M Pairing: Éomer/Lothíriel Disclaimer: The Lord of The Rings is the property of J. R. R. Tolkien and his estate. This is a work of fanfiction, written for the enjoyment of myself and others. No finanfical profit is made by writing this. Summary: "And here, in the front of these witnesses, I bless your union. " A "Heart's Desire" spinoff. Author's Note: Someone seriously needs to come and take away my computer or perhaps just knock me out when I have ideas. When I was posting the chapters of Heart's Desire that take place before Éomer rides for war and Lothíriel is lost, Talia119 wondered whether the two would marry before his departure. Well, you know how that went, but the idea has not left me since. It got to the point that when I couldn't sleep lats night, I sat by my laptop and started to write. This is a short story of how things might have gone if they had indeed married before Éomer left. I'd apologise for all this Éomer/Lothíriel spam but that would mean I'd have to actually be sorry, and honestly there's never enough É/L in the world so there. This won't be a long story, though: I can promise only two or three chapter at tops. Anyway, I hope you enjoy! Up above the castle of Hornburg, there was a stone terrace. It was not very big and people rarely came there – in fact, not many knew of it in the first place – but from there, one could look over the Deep and see far away to the open lands – all the way to Fangorn, if you were an elf, they said. Why people did not often come there was because it was usually quite windy up there. In that height, one quickly began to think that wind might just take a hold of you and toss you over the edge. But this morning, there was no breath in the air. It was very quiet, like it often is on that moment of dawn when the whole world seems to almost be holding its breath, like each sunrise was a miracle. And truly, such a place was the only real option for the ceremony: up there in the light of morning, one could almost feel that all the concerns of the world were far away. Indeed, it was precisely that quiet moment of dawn and one would have expected that all those in residence would have been still asleep or just waking up. However, there were altogether seven people on the stone terrace. Four of them stood aside: a blonde woman who did not seem to know whether she should smile brilliantly or sob silently into her handkerchief, a ragged man of Dúnedain, an elf, and a dwarf. The four of them were watching the three others, who stood only couple feet away. The white-clad man was the oldest of them all, and there was a gentle smile on his face as he spoke quietly. His words were those of love, hope and devotion. On the front of him, two people stood facing each other: a tall man of Rohan, clad in simple clothes of green and brown, and a slender woman in blue whose appearance revealed she had blood of Númenor. The man and woman were looking at each other in a way that suggested they did not even acknowledge the presence of others. In fact, their gazes were speaking in volumes at one another, as if there was an entire conversation going on between the two of them. He held her hands in his, almost like he was supporting something sacred. "And here, in the front of these witnesses, I bless your union. Éomer of Aldburg, this is your wife: protect her with your strong arm and cherish her for all the days of your life, for she is your heart. Lothíriel of Dol Amroth, this is your husband: stand beside him and offer him your aiding hand in all the struggles of your shared years, for he is your strength." The Rohir brought her hands to his lips, placing kisses on her fingers, and she looked at him with a blissful smile. Then they turned to look at the wizard, and she placed her left hand on the top of his right one. A fond smile passed on Mithrandir's face when he produced a white ribbon from somewhere and bound it about the pair's joined palms. Then he let his own hands hover over them in a gesture of blessing. "Go and be at peace. Place your trust in each other, for where there is love, there is always light." And Éomer turned towards his wife and kissed her, and Lothíriel wrapped her free arm about his neck. She answered the kiss so enthusiastically that she lost her balance and he steadied her, and no matter what dark loomed in the future, there was this, they were wed, and he would always be hers. Their embrace and kiss went on for long; and really, so occupied they were with each other that it took Gimli clearing his throat for the young couple to become aware of their surroundings again. When they turned to look at their friends, they wore almost identical looks of bliss. Aragorn approached the two first. Resting his hand on Éomer's shoulder, he smiled at the newly-wed couple. "I am happy for you both, my friends", he said softly. "May your time together be blessed." "Thank you, Aragorn", said the Marshal of the Mark and cast a look of adoration at the woman beside him. The others came to congratulate them too, and Erfréa hugged Lothíriel for a long while before she found again her handkerchief to pat her eyes with. Gimli gave a mighty hug for both their midsections, while Legolas just smiled in that quiet way of his and said something in Sindarin that sounded like a blessing. "I will take care of your uncle. I'll tell him that you will ride for Dunharrow tomorrow", Aragorn told Éomer. Then a smile touched his face, and it made him look somehow so much younger. "Go and be together, for in these times, each moment of light and love is more precious than all the jewels of the world", Mithrandir urged, and the two needed no other prompt. It had been Éomer's idea. When the aftershocks of their lovemaking had started to fade, he had looked down upon her and the only way to describe his look then was "blissful" - she knew he couldn't look like that because she possessed any particular skill yet, but she decided it was because he was just as dazed because of this actually happening... because of being able to share this closeness and intimacy with her. She had felt a bit dizzy and so happy that it made her weak, and Lothíriel had been been fairly sure that she would not have been able to support herself at all for the moment. "Marry me. Marry me today", he had pleaded, and his voice had been thick with emotion. She had briefly thought of how much in trouble she would be if she agreed, but then she had looked at the man above her again and all thoughts of her family's disapproval had disappeared. What did it matter what her uncle or father would say? She knew where her heart was... she had never been so sure about anything as she was about Éomer. And she would be damned if she ever let anyone tell her again what she should do with her life and who she should be with. It was meaningless how she would be berated afterwards. What mattered was the man she had become to love so much. So she had said yes, and a strange little noise had escaped from his throat. He had kissed her again and things had quickly gotten very interesting once more. Yet miraculously enough had actually gotten few hours of sleep that night, but before sun rose, they had gone to see Mithrandir and ask him to wed them. With the wizard's support, it would be easier to explain everything later; Imrahil liked Gandalf and Théoden King too had much respect for him, and if they could win the two of them, Denethor would have to comply. Gandalf's face had not betrayed what he really thought of the request made to him on the small hours just before sunrise by two rather desperate-looking people, but he could not be negative for he had agreed to wed them. As for the witnesses, Mithrandir's three companions had been more than happy to be there, along with Erfréa. And so, as the sun slowly rose on that morning of early March, after one great battle and the next one looming just ahead, Princess Lothíriel of Dol Amroth was wed to Marshal Éomer of the Riddermark. It was his chamber they ventured to. As a member of the royal house, Éomer had his own room in Hornburg that was kept ready for him, though his business as the Third Marshal rarely brought him here. As such, the furnishings were very meager, but it was still more comfortable than in her chamber. For one, the bed was not just a narrow bunk, and it also felt warmer. Once the door was closed behind them, he pulled her into an embrace and kissed her. The kiss was long, gentle, and they lingered in it for a lengthy moment. After a while, Éomer pulled back slightly. "I know it's not much", he said quietly, brushing his fingers through her hair. "This... well, I did not plan it to go this way." Lothíriel smiled and placed her arms about his neck. "It's all right, my dear", she told him softly and briefly kissed him. "Actually, I kind of like how simple this is. Nobody fussing about us or making a number out of it... just the two of us, all alone. It's fine." That made him smile. "We'll have a proper wedding when I've returned. In fact, I fear both our families will insist on it... the heir to the throne can't just go and marry", he commented and kissed her again. "I think he can", she informed him, but then she decided there had been enough of talking already, and she fully focused on kissing him properly. A groan rose deep from his throat and he grasped her hips tightly for a moment, until his fingers started to impatiently tug at her gown. An agonizing need for him was starting to build inside her and eagerly she helped him to remove the dress. Her undergarments quickly followed, and as soon as she was rid of clothing, he lifted her up and quickly carried her to the bed. Her husband wasted no time in removing his own clothes. Then he joined her on the bed and he pulled her close; there was something almost desperate about the way he touched her. But then, in the middle of one kiss, he pulled back just slightly and looked at her in concern. "What is it?" Lothíriel asked. "I cannot imagine it'll be very comfortable for you", he said at last and sounded kind of awkward, "after your first time..." "It's fine. I want to do this. Please", she said quickly. Well, she was sore, but she'd be damned if she let that bother her now. "Just... be gentle, will you?" "Of course, dear wife", he said softly and carried on from where he had left, which quickly re-ignited the passion. Lothíriel remembered briefly worrying to herself if he thought her very clumsy and unskilled, but if that was so, it didn't show; instead, when her fingers traveled over his skin and she studied his body with her hands, she could see he had trouble containing himself. "My wife", he moaned and looked down on