Title: Náhwær Genre: Drama Rating: T Characters: Aragorn, Éomer/Lothíriel Disclaimer: The Lord of The Rings is the property of J. R. R. Tolkien and his estate. This is a work of fanfiction, written for the enjoyment of myself and others. No finanfical profit is made by writing this. Summary: Warrior, Marshal and King, Éomer of Rohan is all the things he should not love. But how does one heal the heart when it has been burned? Heavy, heavy is the burden of an unrequited love. Author ' s Note: I don't even know. I don't know how and why this even exists, given that I firmly believe Aragorn is quite content in loving Arwen and has no romantic feelings whatsoever towards any male or Éomer for that matter. I can't even tell if it is a good idea to publish this here – maybe I'll take this down if I start to regret putting this here. I suppose this is just a really weird experiment and a what if scenario. Well, things have been kinda weird lately for me and I guess this is just outlet for it and the stressful things I've had to deal with... This piece follows the film as far as the canon goes, though there's some things inspired by book canon. I believe there will at most be one or two more chapters; I originally intended to write just one large chapter but around 7000 words I started to feel that a split was needed. Nevertheless, I hope you enjoy! But of all pains, the greatest pain It is to love, but love in vain. – Abraham Cowley The windy plains of the Riddermark is where he first sees the Lion. He comes riding from west, tall and proud and glorious like the rising sun. For a split second, Strider thinks this is how the dawn would look like, if it were to take the form of man. Yet the rider is stern, even grim of look. The flame of his anger burns him, twists his face, robs his features of their fairness. But the important thing is that he burns. His spirit is aflame, wild and free and momentarily it catches Strider's breath. He has never seen anyone before who lives each moment with such passion. And in the deepest shadows of his heart, he wonders how it would be like, to share that flame, and live in the light of it. The Lion's voice, sharp and deep strong, commands his attention, and he wonders if the others see inside him now – know what he is thinking, feeling. Surely, it must be obvious on his face? Truly, he has forgotten how the Rohirrim are – how they are so alive. Éomer, son of Éomund, the Third Marshal of the Riddermark. A moment of foresight catches Strider unawares as the name of the Lion is spoken, and It seems to ring with tones of fate. He'd expect nothing less from a man so fierce. And though Éomer the Marshal rides to north, to exile and expecting a life of banishment, Strider knows they will meet again. It is sunrise when Strider's premonition comes to pass. Up on a hill, above Helm's Deep, side by side with Gandalf the White there is a tall rider. Sun bathes him in gold as he regards the devastation of war in the deep. One foolish moment, he thinks of how the Marshal must be here because of him. But he quickly understands the error of his thought. Éomer has come, but not for him. Loyal and faithful, he has ridden from exile, defying his doom just to save his king and uncle. Éomer has come, and with him, the strength of the Mark rides. Then, at his order, the Rohirrim ride and flood the deep. Strider has seen many a sight of surpassing beauty, things that mortal men cannot imagine, but the Third Marshal charging is a vision of wild magnificence. As he rides down to fight for his King, Éomer of Rohan is like the embodiment of all the virtues of Men. He rides into the battle, and it is confirmed what Strider suspected before. A great warrior he is, this Marshal, and the uruk-hai falls down around him like straw. One would not expect such speed from a man so large and heavily armoured, yet he pushes forward and proves expectations wrong... like the fire of his spirit also lend him a power of arms such that one rarely sees. They meet at the battle, and the dark eyes pass Strider's only briefly, and then he gathers his men again and charges. On that moment when they are faced in the chaos of the combat, Strider stares hard at the Lion, and he thinks: See me. But he never does. Night falls in the fortress of Hornburg. It is the evening of a very long day, but Aragorn is not quite ready to go and seek rest. Instead, he climbs up to the battlements, where he is already standing. Though the work to clear the deep of the bodies of the fallen has already begun, the ruin and death is still there: corpses of men and uruk-hai, the abandoned war machines, great pieces of rock from the wall... and yet the skies are clear and the moon shines ever silver, and no mangling touch of battles can ever reach the high beauty of night sky. The Lion is there, watching not the deep but staring at the stars in melancholy. He is not armoured now, but instead wears plain clothes of a man who pays little attention to his appearance. Even without his fighting gear, he is broad of shoulder and tall of stature; though he stands still and quiet, his presence is not silent. He is one of those people who rule their surroundings just by being there. And Strider is drawn, like a moth to a flame. If I could be just as alive... He hears the ranger approaching and turns to look at him, nodding his head as a greeting. "Evening, my lord. I did not think I would see you up and about at this hour, not after the savage fight you endured", says the Marshal, and Strider smiles wearily. "My body longs for rest, but my thoughts will not allow it, not quite yet", he answers softly. "And please, call not me your lord. After all, I believe I owe my life to your arrival." His words bring out a low chuckle that rumbles deep in the Lion's chest. "If anyone is deserving of gratitude, it is Gandalf. He is the one who sought us and brought us here", he says, resting his large warrior's hands on the railing of the battlement. "But you were exiled and had no obligation to return", Aragorn notes; the look on the Marshal's face becomes grave. "Quite the contrary. I have every obligation", he says quietly and turns his eyes away, and suddenly there is something very sad about his face. Quietly, he murmurs, "If only I had arrived sooner..." "You came as fast as you could", says the ranger gently. "Aye", sighs Éomer son of Éomund. He looks at Aragorn, "I thank you for being here with my uncle, and fighting with him. It is good to see him surrounded by such great men once again." Strider smiles. "It was an honour as ever. I would not hesitate to give my life in the name of the House of Eorl", he says. "But let us hope you need not do that. I would rather you live, Aragorn", comments the Lion. A tired little smile comes to his face and he touches the ranger's arm. "Let us go inside. I believe we have seen enough of death and silence today." Aragorn nods and they turn, making their way inside. Perhaps there is bit of peace there, if just for tonight. I will follow you. There is irony to it, Strider supposes as he considers the White Lady. That she should see him, while her brother does not. Oh, it is not lost to him, those looks that she will give when she believes he does not see. And he finds he does not know how to answer. It is not that she is not fair. No, she's quite likely one of the fairest maidens among the daughters of Men. She is his sister, after all. She has the unbending spirit as well, the tall stature, and the grace. But while she is just as fierce as her brother the Marshal, her fire is of not the kind that Éomer has. Hers is a cold fire, while his burns like the sun. And Strider has been burned, beyond all soothing that cold could bring. The night of celebration is one of the lighter nights of Strider's life... but it is also one the worse ones. He has seen some Rohirric feasting before, and he has not forgotten the light abandon of it, the kind that even makes him forget about his cares. For a night, he can let go. In the rich Rohirric ale, in the music of this fell people, in the singing of the Halflings... On the morrow, he knows the shadows of the world will return, and once again he will have to continue the endless fight. But not tonight. Standing by the King, the Third Marshal is a vision. Though he dresses plainly, in the manner of all Rohirric riders, he stands out – he always does. His tall and broad figure commands his surroundings, and he looks about, and sees everything, except for Strider. In the light of fire, his hair shines golden, almost making it look like he glows. Though he never quite smiles, there is serenity about him tonight. Strider keeps glancing at him, for he feels as though each glance might be the last. And never before has he so desperately wanted to touch him than he does now, if only to see whether one can feel the fire of his spirit burning on his skin too. Knowing it will just get harder if he stays close to the Marshal, Strider turns away and seeks the company of those who do not have quite the same effect on him. For a while, he can even forget about his thoughts and the Lion. For a while, he can laugh and smile, especially when Éomer conducts a drinking game between Legolas and Gimli. Then Théoden approaches him and engages him in a conversation about the time he spent as Thorongil and served under Thengel King. When they finish, Strider wishes for some fresh air, and he ventures out. The sounds of the feast follow him as he steps into the cool night. He lifts up his face, enjoys the breeze, and breathes. Oh, to be free, like the wind... It is moments later that he becomes aware that he is not alone, and he turns. At one shadowy corner, he sees the shapes of a man and a woman, locked in an embrace as they kiss. Even if the man were not so imposingly tall, Strider would know it was him, for he would recognise Éomer of Rohan among a thousand faceless men. He knows he has been burned. But never before this moment has he understood what it truly means. The realisation of it is hard and cold and he can just barely bear the knowledge of it. The worst part is, he is in so much pain, yet the Marshal notices not. Lost in his kiss and his passion, he knows nothing of the agony that it is causing. Strider hardens himself, turns, and returns inside. Mithrandir gives him a look but he cannot tell if the wizard knows... it wouldn't surprise him, though. Some time later, Éomer comes back to the hall. Strider sees, for the Lion's very presence draws him in. And he knows what is