Title: Seaweed In His Hair Rating: T Pairings: Éomer/Lothíriel Genre: Romance/Drama Summary: Life can be a strange thing. Sometimes it just takes some seaweed to change everything. Oneshot. Disclaimer: The Lord of The Rings is the property of J. R. R. Tolkien and his estate. This is a work of fanfiction, written for the enjoyment of myself and others. No financial profit is made by writing this. Author's Note: If you have been reading my stories for a while now, you might have noticed that whenever my longer fics reach a particularly angsty part, I start to write other things that are very lighthearted and fluffy in comparison. This is one such occasion. Do not worry: I'm not abandoning ALWR. The upcoming chapter is slowly taking shape, but I needed a small break from it. And once I had started writing, this little story just demanded to be finished before anything else. Hope you enjoy! April 3020, Dol Amroth The third morning of his stay in Dol Amroth dawned as a clear and bright one. It was warm as well, warmer than this season was in north. But Éomer Lord of the Mark reminded himself this far south weathers were always much gentler than on the windy plains he called his home, and consequently, most of his clothes had already proved too heavy for the climate by the sea. As such, he was arrayed in nothing more than a simple linen shirt and trousers as he made his morning ride along the shore. Wryly he thought to himself if there had been others around at this time, they would not have guessed they were in the presence of a king. And truthfully, Éomer preferred it so. This past year, he had received quite enough of fawning and flattery, even from some he had known since he had been a young captain. On an entirely rational level, he understood it. The nobility in his land were merely testing their new king and trying to find out his character. Overall, his people seemed to consider him the herald of a new age in Rohan, founder of a new line and a fresh face on the throne; apparently this also meant he would and should rearrange all things great and small. Many of the nobles had figured out this would provide them with ample chances of improving their own positions at his court. Truthfully, Éomer's plan was to renew and rebuild his realm, and make sure no shade of Wormtongue's time should be lurking around in people's minds. But he was hardly prepared for all that this would cause, and at times he was at his wits' end, ready to abandon the throne and run for the wild as fast as he could. So he had eventually decided to claim Imrahil's invitation, which the man had been renewing time and again ever since the Ring War had ended. A couple of weeks away from the courts of Edoras would surely do him good, and he could return to his numerous duties with a refreshed mind. And so, here he was now, riding along the beach as he would every morning. Back in Rohan, morning rides were often the only time before nightfall he actually got to listen to his own thoughts without a constant rush of interruptions in the form of Éothain, messengers, advisers, Éothain, his Marshals, his chatelaine, Éothain, and a various assortments of nobility approaching him with real or made-up issues. During his vacation, riding wasn't so much of an exercise to retain his sanity, but more a simple task he took pleasure in. Not to mention, Firefoot was sure to cause major trouble at Imrahil's stables if he was left building up his steam for too long. The morning was indeed fair, and despite his initial scepticism towards all things related to the sea, he did rather enjoy the salty breeze that came from the sea, and the way dawn's light glimmered and shined across the waters. Sea was calm today and the waves lapped gently at the shore, which consisted of thick white sand he knew to be incredibly soft under one's bare feet. Éomer had never seen the Great Sea before his visit to Dol Amroth. Of course, he had heard stories, and sometimes Legolas his friend spoke of it with quiet longing. Consequently, the young king had to admit he had rather expected much more when seeing the sea for the first time. Well, he supposed it was rather impressive, intimidating even, but he had no desire to get better acquainted with it. Surely he couldn't see why it called to Legolas so much that the Elf could hardly find peace in the woods up north, where his father's kingdom stood weathering time and the changing of the world. To himself, Éomer considered it was a kind of blessing, however small, to be so tightly rooted to some place as he was to the Mark. Not even the Sea, though it was mighty and great, could break that bond. True, this past year there had been moments he had rather seriously considered fleeing the capital at night and getting away from that damned throne, but deep down he knew what was what. The Mark was in his blood and in his bones. And there was no other place in this world he'd rather call his home. But even despite these thoughts, he did take secret delight in leading Firefoot to the surf and galloping so hard that seawater sprayed and foamed and his trousers were damp to the knee. He would owe his horse a good rubbing for that, the young king thought with a faint smile. After this little display of almost boyish carefreeness Éomer dismounted and walked Firefoot to let the stallion cool off before they would head back to the city. Imrahil would soon be waking up and expecting his guest to join him at breakfast; afterwards, they would probably be holed up in the prince's study at least until afternoon. Being a king, Éomer couldn't expect his trip to south to be just for pleasure, which thought made him cringe to himself. He was in the middle of these thoughts when he spotted a figure standing atop a tall cliff. It shot up from the sea almost like a needle seeking to pierce the sky, reaching high above the rolling waves. Sheltering his eyes from bright morning's light, Éomer gazed up at the figure and saw it was a woman. Her long, dark hair was open to the wind to toss around, and she was dressed in what looked like a light white gown. With some surprise, he realised she was none else than Prince Imrahil's only daughter, Princess Lothíriel. What was she doing up there? He had first met her in Minas Tirith during the celebrations after the war, but her manner had been cool and distant, and they had not exchanged many words beyond the most necessary pleasantries. He recalled she had exited his company rather rudely – a major accomplishment to make him think so, considering Éomer was hardly the most exacting individual when it came to etiquette and manners. Afterwards, he had all but forgotten about her, at least until she had joined the company at dinner the other night. However, she still remained quiet and unsocial, even to the point of making Éomer wonder if it was somehow his fault. It was entirely possible he had made some insulting remark when they had been introduced and hadn't just realised it then. During the time he had spent with his Gondorian friends, he had found they took matters of propriety far more seriously than his own people. So, after the princess had retired that night, Éomer had asked Amrothos if he had somehow offended her, worried for what his friend might say; insulting Imrahil's closest kin was the last thing he wanted to do. But the prince had smiled and waved his hand nonchalantly. "Of course not, my friend. It's just the way she is. I have never seen Lothíriel warming up quickly to people she doesn't know. And she's always been particularly appalled by men, except for her own family of course", Amrothos had said, much to Éomer's relief. He had not much thought of her afterwards, seeking rather the company of more forthcoming members of her family. But now his attention was fully fixed on the princess, and he wondered if he should call out to her – offer a ride on Firefoot back to the castle, perhaps. Not that he expected her to accept, if she was so disdainful towards males as her brother had suggested. He was still pondering this when she took step closer to the edge of the cliff, and as a shout of alarm rose to Éomer's lips, she jumped. For a split second he stood frozen, staring at the figure of woman as she plunged into the waves. Then he cursed and ran, tearing off his shirt and kicking off his boots. Béma! Was she out of her mind?! Éomer charged into the waves and waded deeper as fast as he could. Then he began to swim, heading for where she had fallen, and panic seemed to give him the strength of four men. His style was not graceful but he was a strong swimmer, and fear for the life of his friend's daughter drove him. As he battled against the waves to get to her, he was wondering if her reticence was actually a sign of some malaise of mind. He couldn't let her drown! If his daughter died like this, it would break Imrahil! He was below the cliff now, and he dived, searching the dark waters with his hands for her. If there only had been more light! Where was she? Had he come too late? Had the current already pulled her to death? He dived as deep as he dared, groping around in the darkness, but his hands only brushed past something cold and slimy. It was too dark to tell what sort of a sea-creature that might be. Eventually, Éomer had to resurface in order to catch air. As he kicked to get atop the waves again, his lungs were already burning, and he let out a mighty gasp as he felt air on his face once more. The first thing he saw were a pair of bright, grey eyes, staring at him in such silent astonishment. For one mad second Éomer thought he had been joined by some kind of a mystical sea-creature, such as mermaid from the tales Amrothos had shared over a bottle of wine. However, this one had the face of the Princess of Dol Amroth, and at any rate, Amrothos' stories had given Éomer the general understanding that mystical sea-creatures were prone to drowning people. The person before was trying no such thing. He opened his mouth, intending to give her the verbal equivalent of a thrashing, when suddenly she let out a sound like a squeal of utmost excitement and moved forward. She wrapped arms around his neck and her lips, a glistening bud like a rose, pressed against his own. It was a clumsy, sweet thing, revealing that she was not practised in the art of kissing. Not that he had expected Imrahil's daughter to make a habit of kissing men she barely knew – which made this encounter all the more bewildering. In the cool lap of the sea she was warm as her slender shape pressed against his naked chest, and her lips, impossibly soft and supple, tasted salty. Éomer's mind went blank. Here he was, half-naked in the sea, and the Princess of Dol Amroth was kissing him! Maybe she is a mermaid. At last he remembered he was angry. Yes, he should be demanding her what she had been doing, not liking her kiss or starting to answer it! So he pulled back in the