Title: A Long and Winding Road Rating: M Pairings: Éomer/Lothíriel Genre: Romance/Drama/Angst Summary: To flee from a dreadful fate, she is sent into hiding. But how can she hide her heart from the man who also holds her secret? Disclaimer: The Lord of The Rings is the property of J. R. R. Tolkien and his estate. This is a work of fanfiction, written for the enjoyment of myself and others. No financial profit is made by writing this. Author's Note: So! I think it's time to serve you, my dear readers new and old, with a brand new full-length Éomer/Lothíriel -story. I've been working on this one for a while now, whenever King and Lioness has given me any peace, but at the moment I believe this new story is going to update about once in a month. As usual, you may expect some bold moves on my part – though perhaps not quite the level of A Light that Endures – but I will do my best to explain and back up all my choices. In my own view, I'm pretty pleased about my writing in this piece. I hope it will satisfy you as well, my dear readers! Hope you enjoy, and if you got time, please let me know what you think! Do you think the universe fights for souls to be together? Some things are too strange and strong to be coincidences. - Emery Allen Chapter 1 March 3018, Dol Amroth On a night of March, the sound of distant thunder woke up Lothíriel, Princess of Dol Amroth. Usually, storms and tempests of the sea did not disturb her dreams. Rather, she found fierce beauty in them; in her childhood, she had often been lulled into sleep by their wild and strange music. But that night the storm was not a lullaby to summon her to the land of dreams. Instead, its howling and raging seemed to tear at the very walls of her father's palace, trying to bring it down into the sea. It reminded her of the ghost stories Amrothos used to tell her when they were children: that the voices of those drown at the sea would scream and wail in the wind, pleading for release from the dark waves of their final resting place. Erchirion had laughed at the silly stories, but on a night like this, it was easy to believe Amrothos had it right. So she tossed and turned, waiting desperately for the morning and dawn's light to chase away the storm winds and usher in a new bright day. It happened at midnight. Thunder was closer now, rolling from the sea to inland, trying to crawl its way over the city by the sea. Lothíriel lay on her side, listening to the fury of the elements and hoping it would pass already. She thought with pity all who were at sea tonight, for surely Ossë was bent on sinking as many ships as he could, with no intervention from the Lady Uinen. But then lightning stroke, its light so bright it must have hit in the very garden of the palace. And in that flash Lothíriel saw she was not alone in her chamber. He stood at her door, his broad frame filling it completely. He was tall as an elf-lord, but younger and wilder, as though he had stepped out from some tale of First Age when the world was new and Men's brief lives burned as brilliantly as the very Sun. He was in full armour, which looked like nothing she had ever seen in her life, and his hair was long and tangled, framing a strong bearded face. The lines of his mouth and jaw were those of a man with iron will, but on his brow he carried burdens and a shadow of sadness. It was a face to stick to one's memory even when so briefly glimpsed, and his eyes were keen and fierce, revealing the ardent spirit inside. In his right hand he held a naked blade, and even in the colour-draining light of the storm she could tell it was dripping with blood. Rationally thinking, Lothíriel knew she was supposed to scream, to alarm guards of this stranger who had somehow made it past all the gates and defences of the palace, but she did not; her eyes were locked with that of the man and for that split second where lightning made all things clear, she could see no threat on his face. Rather, he looked like he had just asked her a question and was waiting for an answer. Then the second longer than a lifetime was over and darkness fell, leaving her momentarily blind for the contrast between dark and light, and she gasped. With trembling hands she reached to lit up her lamp... but when the warm light of fire grew and pierced the shadow, the man was gone. The morning came with such brilliant sunlight and gentle wind that it was hard to believe a terrible storm had raged half the night. When the day's beginning came so fair, Lothíriel was all the more bewildered by the vision of last night. The only way she could explain it was she had been dreaming, though even that did not answer what memory of her life could possibly conjure an image so elaborate. Though she had beheld him only for a second, she was certain she would have been able to describe him in detail. However, dreams were dreams and she had far more tangible things to concentrate on; so, when she had dressed and braided her hair, she hurried off to join her family for breakfast. She was the last to arrive in the Prince's private dining hall – a spacious chamber with a long table in the middle, and great windows flooding it with bright sunlight. Father was there, and her brothers, her sister-in-law, and the little Alphros. While all three of her brothers were as tall as their sire, only Elphir and Erchirion took after him in looks. Amrothos was more like their late mother with his curly hair and hazel eyes. As for herself, Father sometimes said she reminded him remarkably of Finduilas, her late aunt. Though her night had been less than restful, Lothírel entered the hall with smiles and greetings. Once she had bid them good morning and given her father a kiss on his brow, she took her usual seat at the table, though for one reason or the other she did not feel very hungry. Her father noticed, as was his wont. "You seem pale and tired. Did the storm keep you up?" he asked her, and she barely had time to nod before Amrothos interjected. "Well, that's a first. Lothíriel is the only person I know who can sleep tight through a tempest and know nothing", he quipped. She made a face at him but said nothing – for one, she did not think dreams of strange men in her bedchamber were a good topic for family conversations, and Amrothos would have made some crude joke about it. "I understand her very well. That storm kept me awake as well", Aredhel said, casting a stern glance at her brother-in-law. For one reason or the other, she was the one with most power over Amrothos' more obnoxious moods. "I suppose it's just the stress of these past few days. I want everything to be perfect when Uncle arrives", Lothíriel said and looked down into her bowl of porridge sweetened with honey, pushing a spoonful into her mouth. She might not feel hungry, but facing the day with an empty stomach would not be a good idea with all the errands she would have to run today. Indeed, this could be what explained her odd dream: she had worked herself into exhaustion, thus giving herself bizarre dreams. "And you have been working so hard, daughter. Too hard, one might say. While I admit our home has never been tidier or shinier, you must remember to relax every now and then. After all, it's not like we are going to entertain the King of Númenór", Father said, his tone gentle but firm. "He is the Lord Steward of Gondor, Father", Lothíriel reminded him. That had been the chief thing in her mind while she had been making preparations for the visit of her Uncle Denethor in the city of Dol Amroth. With the frail health of Aredhel, her sister-in-law, Lothíriel had been the head of of the household for two years now, and in her mind, her uncle's visit was the first real test of her knowledge and skills. It had been years since she had last seen her uncle, but she was determined to make a good impression, not least because of her father. "Why is he coming here now, anyway?" asked Erchirion, the second oldest of Lothíriel's brothers. "He may be the Steward but we're his family. Why can't he just visit his kin?" Amrothos asked, but his words made Elphir scoff softly. He looked up from his plate of porridge. "When has uncle ever done anything without a purpose? Not to mention, with all his duties, do you think he'd make courtesy calls even for family?" he stated solemnly. Lothíriel didn't say anything but she agreed with Elphir. Not only was he right about the character of the Lord Steward, she also knew from her Aunt Ivriniel's tales how Uncle Denethor had loved his late wife, Lady Finduilas, who had been the sister of her father and aunt. Apparently, Dol Amroth was a painful reminder of the woman he had lost forever. But at any rate, if he were to come here on some particular purpose, Lothíriel deemed it would be wise to make sure his welcome was the best they could offer. "I just wish our cousins could have come too", Amrothos remarked and leant back in his chair, toying with a silver spoon with one hand. "You know they are very busy with their duties in Minas Tirith, Amrothos", Father said and sipped his tea. "It's all about duty these days, isn't it? I wish people would sometimes talk about something else", complained the youngest of three princes, but his careless words quickly earned their sire's frown. "That we do our duty is the reason this realm still stands, though it might not bear the glory and strength our people knew in past. We must not be so thoughtless as to imagine our amusement is more important than that. You would do well to remember this once Lord Denethor arrives, for he has even less tolerance for such nonsense", Father said sternly, making Amrothos blush and mutter something in agreement. The others around the table fell silent, too, and for a while they ate in silence. But Lothíriel staring down at her food could feel the knot becoming tighter in her stomach, and what food she forced in her mouth had no taste. So when the breakfast came to an end, she was thankful: she could put aside her portion which she had barely touched. There were yet errands to be run before midday, which was the time Uncle Denethor should arrive. Thankfully, she should be too busy to remember her dream and the strange man at her door. The family of Prince Imrahil gathered again at midday. Lothíriel barely made it to the courtyard at the assigned time: she had been busy making sure all would run smoothly and that in the kitchens preparations were going as planned, and afterwards she still needed to switch dresses to a more formal attire. Her brothers, unaware of all the work and time that went into managing the household, were fond of making fun of her being late to the official events. But perhaps today's breakfast had impacted their mood just as well, because they were not joking at all when their company gathered in the courtyard of the palace.