Title: The Odd Collide Rating: T Pairings: Éomer/Lothíriel Genre: Romance/Drama Summary: She saw not a king, not a grim and cold man, or a drunken ruffian. Instead, she perceived a pair of eyes more sincere, more genuine, more vivacious than any other eyes she had ever beheld in her life. Disclaimer: The Lord of The Rings is the property of J. R. R. Tolkien and his estate. This is a work of fanfiction, written for the enjoyment of myself and others. No financial profit is made by writing this. Author's Note: You know me and my sudden mad spurts of inspiration. This is one of those things, and I'm happy to introduce you something new as far as my writing goes. This is essentially a story of how Lothíriel met Éomer, and perhaps this time it's a bit different than my previous writings. At any rate, I hope you will enjoy! Minas Tirith, the night after the Battle of Pelennor Fields, 3019 Third Age She first saw him in the dim of the weary evening when the battle was over. Not that Princess Lothíriel had come for the horselord precisely; the messenger rushing to the Houses of Healing had just said Prince Imrahil her father was on his way to the Citadel, and he wished to see her before attending to the urgent matters, of which there were many even after the enemy's forces had been defeated. Relieved to the point of tears, she was tempted to just drop everything at hand and run to meet her sire, but being left in charge of the welfare of the wounded and what few civilians remained in the city, she could not leave without making sure things would run smoothly while she was gone to welcome back her father. So empty was the city, and so full were the hands of the healers, that it was her own handmaiden she left in charge. There was no one else to turn to, and Bainiel had been at her side through the nightmarish hours of the battle – the maid knew what to do, the amount of supplies and foodstuffs, how much there were injured men and what were their needs, and at any rate the night had stripped them all of their pretences and titles. Neither of them were healers, but that had not mattered during the long hours of the night. There were plenty of mouths to feed, frightened minds to soothe, hands to hold, questions to be asked, and messages to be sent among a thousand other things that now seemed more like a dream. And so, once Lothíriel had undone her filthy apron and her stained cap, she had hurried to meet her father... silently thankful for this one chance of escaping the neverending moaning and crying of the wounded, though she was also guilty for feeling relieved. After all, what right did she have to complain? The Court of the Fountain was dark as the evening's shadows, but someone had found time to ignite some torches to give light to the place. There reigned quiet, unlike anything she had ever felt before, as though the very world was holding its breath in dread of what was yet to come. Far below the Citadel spread the fields of Pelennor, but in this late hour she did not see much of the ruin of war. After the night and the day she had behind her, she was sure it would not have looked like anything special. Then at last her father appeared from the shadows of this sorrowful evening and she could read the weariness in his frame. His shoulders, usually so proudly held, were slumping. The blue and silver of his raiment were barely recognisable under all the blood and grime. His armour was dented and scratched, and he seemed to have lost his helmet. Even so, at the sight of his only daughter, a smile dawned on his fatigued face. "Father!" Lothíriel called out, flying into the arms of her sire. Though she too was filthy and weary, her relief for knowing he had survived the battle gave her wings. When she reached him, a small sob broke away from her lips, and it didn't matter at all that the hold of his arms about her was nearly bruisingly tight. "You're all right?" she mumbled in a shaky voice, needing to ask this question though she did not see any bodily harm on him. "I'm fine, daughter. I'm fine", he mumbled softly. "And my brothers?" she wanted to know, though she also dreaded his answer. She had not seen their faces among the wounded, but so many lay dead on the fields, and surely their family could not be so lucky as to remain untouched by this horrible war? "They are unscathed, too. I sent them to our house, where they will be resting if they know what is good for them", Father said, making her sob in relief once more. Thank you, Elbereth, for guarding them through this tempest! "You have managed through the night?" he then asked for his part, pulling back slightly so that he could look at her properly. "Yes. Don't worry about it. Everything is under control", she said and smiled, though she didn't know how she could even do that. Uncle Denethor was gone, her cousin Faramir might follow him soon, all the world was at the edge of plunging into ruin, and she, the young princess from the city by the sea had been left in charge of caring for civilians and the wounded... life asked not and cared not whether one was ready. In the end, she had managed. "Good. We will talk later. Go and get some rest, my dear – you look exhausted", said Father, and she knew he had to go. Though the battle was over, the night was everything but, and his suggestion was not one she could follow any time soon. Still, she would not have wanted to let him leave, for she'd have wanted to hear everything that had happened, and if it were true that the standard bearing the sign of the White Tree had been seen on the battlefield, or that a maiden of Rohan had slain the Witch-king... These questions died on her lips, for her eyes fell on him. He had arrived with Father, but so focused she had been on her sire that she had not noticed him until now. He was leading a great grey warhorse, the like she had never seen before. Even Father's knights did not ride steeds of such stature and might, and she immediately knew she was looking at a Rohirric horse. But no matter how impressive this animal was, her eyes lingered on him only for a moment, because then her gaze was drawn to the man holding him by the reins. He was absolutely filthy from head to toe, even more so than her father. And Elbereth, was there a lot of man to be dirty! With some wonder, Lothíriel saw this Rider was even taller than the men of her family – no small thing, as her father and brothers were among the tallest of the men of Gondor. His tangled hair, glued against his head by sweat and grime, seemed almost black in this light. Whether he was blond or not, as was the fashion of his people, could not be even guessed at the moment. His beard was long and unkempt and on his face there were stains of Eru knew what. Judging by the looks of his armour he had swam waist-deep in orc blood and worse things, and one shoulder plate looked like it was held on its place by mere use at this point. The man was a loathsome sight, but not because he was covered in filth. What did aggravate her was his expression: stern, grim, unfriendly and foul, and it did not soften in the slightest when his gaze came across her. Rather, to her it seemed he looked even more aversive as he met her eyes, not at all the way a noble lord would regard a lady of high birth. Yes, her hands and clothes might be covered in sweat and blood, but surely the fact she was conversing with Father would be enough of a hint? Yet even as displeasure and offence filled her, she tried to remember this man had ridden all the way here to risk his life, he had fought for Gondor, and participated in saving the realms of Men... but the cold steel of his dark eyes made it impossible to feel for him. Then, almost as soon as she had noticed this Rider, he walked past Lothíriel and her father, striding heavily but swiftly. She thought a deadly warship might move in such a way, looking one moment too ponderous to make a sudden movement, and falling on its prey on the very next. "Who was that, Father?" Lothíriel asked, her voice full of slightly startled wonder. No matter how unpleasant he seemed, she knew she had not just beheld an ordinary rider. Her father let out a soft sigh. By the look on his face she knew some dark thought was on him, and she shivered. "That, my daughter, is the new King of Rohan." Minas Tirith, August 3019 When the door pressed close behind her, Lothíriel was still trying to regain her breath. Running is not lady-like, she could practically hear her aunt scolding her, and least of all in the Citadel of Minas Tirith! Well, it all did seem silly even now, but as she leant her back against the door, furiously attempting to slow down her gasps while listening to sounds from the hallway, she only felt relief. Maybe she had managed to escape him now... though being such a persistent man, Lord Bellon would find her again some time soon. A young lord of noble line, recently come to his inheritance in Lebennin after his father had died on the fields of Pelennor, Bellon seemed quite determined to find a wife. Well, in his world he had already found her, and now it was just a matter of persuading her. Only, Lothíriel was not quite as enthusiastic about his brilliant idea. She was not going to marry a man she barely knew, not to mention she had little interest in a husband who did not even listen to her. However, though she had already made her stance as clear as it possibly was in polite terms, Bellon just would not give up. This early morning, when she had been to the Citadel to return some books she had borrowed from the royal library, she had come across the young lord once more. How had it come to this? she had to wonder. It wasn't like noble ladies were in in high demand at this time. Rather, it was the other way around, what with all the young lives that had perished in the War of the Ring. But even as she thought of it, Lothíriel could not deny seeing the reasons for her current trouble with not just Lord Bellon but actually several more marriage proposals. During the short time he had ruled, King Elessar had already made it clear how much he valued her father and cousin both as friends and lieutenants – they were in his counsels and so held significant positions in the realm. And she, as the only young and unmarried kinswoman to some of the most powerful men in the land was the easiest way to gain influence and wealth in Gondor's entirely new political situation. In part, it was her own fault too: among the tales of heroism that had come from the Battle of Pelennor fields she was only a footnote, but surprisingly many people appeared to have heard how she had lead the civilians and healers, making sure the defenders of the city had