Title: Mother Genre: Romance/General Rating: T Pairing: Éomer/Lothíriel Disclaimer: The Lord of The Rings is the property of J. R. R. Tolkien and his estate. This is a work of fanfiction, written for the enjoyment of myself and others. No financial profit is made by writing this. Summary: June 3020: Princess Lothíriel visits the land of her betrothed for the first time. The mother of King of Rohan reflects. Author's Note: What if Théodwyn had lived? This little oneshot is an attempt to bring you a glimpse of a world where Théodwyn survived to see her son become a king. I would thing she'd be tremendously proud of her son... and that she'd be very important in the life of her son. I do not go in very deeply into the idea of how her survival might have affected the events of the late Third Age in Rohan - I just wanted to write something with Théodwyn and Éomer when he is king. And when I write about Éomer I also write about Lothíriel. Hope you like this oneshot! Reviews are always appreciated! June 3020, Edoras Her son had been on the edge since the morning. They had sat enjoying breakfast together when a rider had arrived, bringing a word of an approaching escort: Prince Imrahil was on his way to Edoras and would arrive before the day was done. Well, it wasn't of course the arrival of the Prince that so excited Éomer. While they had become good friends since the War, it was an entirely different Amrothian to spark his enthusiasm so. Princess Théodwyn had seen her share of love-struck men and so she didn't wonder. It was said Princess Lothíriel was not only a fair maiden, but also bright and spirited. And she was coming to visit the land of her future husband for the very first time. "Would you please settle down, son? You're going to wrinkle your clothes", she said now, as they were expecting a word of the Prince's arrival to the city. Théodwyn herself was sat by the window of her chamber – Éomer had insisted she return to Meduseld as soon as he had returned from war and made home at the capital. The move had been moderately easy, as most of her things were still there. Her banishment had of course ended with the revival of her late brother – Théoden had profusely apologised for letting Wormtongue treat her so ill as to send her away from home – but she had not come back before her son the King had invited her. To her it seemed right to let Éomer arrange things after his own mind now that Meduseld was his household, but she was pleased when he did call her back to the Golden Hall. Now said son was pacing about her chamber, mostly because his Marshals knew she was the only one who had faintest chance at containing him until his bride's arrival. "Mother, my clothes are quite all right", he said stiffly and stopped to look outside, as though trying to see the escort. Then with a groan he collapsed to sit opposite her, rubbing his forehead with his fingers. "She will be here soon", she told him, smiling as she spoke. "And I'm sure she is a wonderful young lady." Éomer looked up at her and a small frown came to his features. "I'd like you to get along with her", he said slowly. Théodwyn had not yet met the Princess, because she had not participated any of her son's trips to Minas Tirith, and Imrahil's daughter had not attended to Théoden's funeral with her father and brothers. But Imrahil Théodwyn had met and she rather liked him – he was a noble, wise man, and it was good to know her son would have such allies and friends in years to come. She did not think a daughter to such a man could be an evil choice for a wife or a queen. "She's your chosen bride, son. I have no doubt I will love her", Théodwyn said warmly. Her words made him smile and his form visibly relaxed. Éomer had met his future wife in Minas Tirith after the war had ended. To Théodwyn's knowledge it had been first very formal, but seeing he often visited Prince Imrahil his friend it was inevitable he also grew familiar with Princess Lothíriel. And obviously there was something about her to draw his eye... some special fire he did not see in others, for during the years many a lady had tried to conquer him but found themselves unsuccessful. Of course, the match was well-made from political point of view. But Théodwyn knew he only pursued it because he loved the girl. There was a knock on the door, and at last a servant called: "My lord, my lady – the Prince Imrahil and his retinue are arriving soon." At last the Silver Swan of Dol Amroth was carried into the courtyard of Meduseld. Imrahil's armoured knights came first, and then arrived the man himself. He had the height and grey eyes of Westernesse, but also grace uncommon in Men; she knew it was stated in stories the line of Princes of Dol Amroth claimed Elven blood through an ancestress of old. Théodwyn and her son were up on the stone steps of Meduseld, waiting for the Gondorian guests. It was a rare guest Éomer would receive in such a way, but his future wife and her family deserved special treatment. Théodwyn too had come, as she was curious to meet the young lady who would soon become the Queen of Rohan. She searched the newly arrived crowd with her eyes, until she spotted the young woman who could only be the Princess Lothíriel. Her long dark hair fell as a braid down her back and she had the same grey eyes as her father. Fair she was indeed but the light of her glance told Théodwyn all she needed to know. Then her gaze fixed on the King of Rohan; she smiled brightly and lifted up a hand to greet him. Prince Imrahil helped his daughter down from the saddle and offered her his arm. They were joined by Prince Amrothos, youngest of his sons. Then the three made for the steps of the Golden Hall and climbed up to meet the King of Rohan. "Welcome, my friends. It is good to finally have you here", Éomer greeted them warmly. He focused his eyes on Imrahil's daughter, "My lady. Welcome to Edoras." "Thank you, my lord. I'm glad to be here", replied the Princess. Her voice was melodious and soft, and when Éomer picked up her hand and gave a kiss to her knuckles, her smile only widened. But when she looked at Théodwyn the Princess of Rohan saw right away how the smile made way to an uncertain look. Éomer evidently noticed it as well as he took the lead. "Mother, this is Princess Lothíriel of Dol Amroth, daughter to Prince Imrahil our friend", he said smoothly. "My lady, meet Princess Théodwyn, my greatly esteemed mother." Princess Lothíriel gave her a curtsy, graceful as could be expected of a Gondorian lady of such high birth. With a smile Théodwyn noted the girl kept her grace even when she was nervous. "It is an honour to finally meet you, my lady", she said, daring to meet Théodwyn's eyes "Likewise, Princess. My son hardly speaks of anything else than you these days", she answered serenely. "Mother", Éomer grumbled, exasperated but with a note of fondness he couldn't quite hide. As for Princess Lothíriel it was her blush she could not conceal. "Shut it, son. After all these years I have earned my right to tease you in merciless ways", Théodwyn said unaffectedly; her son looked like one deeply despairing, but Prince Imrahil chuckled. "That is about the same thing I've been telling my daughter, though I understand her vexation with me... you see, the news of her engagement to your son, my lady, have been the talk of the society for months", he said lightly. Princess Lothíriel looked like she was considering elbowing her father down the steps right then. "But in truth I don't think anyone enjoys it more than Father does", Amrothos put in. "Rohirric grandchildren are going to keep him on his toes for a long time yet." "All right, you three – you've had your fun", Éomer interrupted then, feigning royal annoyance most impressively. "I'm sure you can continue embarrassing my lady Princess and myself over the dinner." "Of course, my son", Théodwyn said in the tones of a perfectly demure mother of a king. She smiled at the guests, "Please, do follow me. We've kept you standing about long enough. Follow me – I will show you your chambers..." A dinner was served in Théodwyn's own parlour. She had insisted on hosting the meal, seeing both herself and her son wanted to spend a private night with their guests. There would be formal social events of course, as could be expected during the visit of a foreign prince such as Imrahil. Not to mention Eorling nobility were dying to finally meet the King's bride. Poor girl was in for quite the scrutiny once the disappointed Rohirric ladies got to meet her; since the news had spread Théodwyn had observed they were all collectively insulted for the knowledge they had been beaten by a Gondorian noblewoman. For the night it was just five of them however, sitting about the table carried into Théodwyn's chambers. Through the first course, Amrothos and Imrahil had been busy telling of their journey north. The Princess was mostly quiet except for a comment here and there, but that did not mean she was not communicating with Éomer; the two were all mellow glances and not so secret smiles. Théodwyn suspected they would have been quite happy to spend the night alone. She had known her son had found himself a queen he actually liked, but she hadn't expected him to be so smitten with the girl. After years of watching – and having to hear about, Béma's beard! – his adventures of a celebrated bachelor she had not thought he'd be an easy stallion to catch. Or fish, if one wanted to go by Amrothian vocabulary. Really, the matter was starting to interest her more and more. But before she could voice her interest, Éomer spoke up. "How go things in Dol Amroth? I trust Aragorn is keeping you busy?" he asked the Amrothian Prince. "Oh, he very much is. The man is turning the realm upside down..." Imrahil replied. "It is a good thing. Our land has long been in decaying, but Aragorn is determined to turn the tide." "Aye. As am I. Now that the realm is secure there is finally a chance and time for rebuilding the kingdom and for new winds to blow", Éomer said solemnly. Théodwyn smiled at her son – past year, she had witnessed how determinedly he had taken up the task of mending the realm. It was no small burden but he was bearing it with all the resolution and dignity she could expect of a son of Éomund and nephew of Théoden. Her son looked at the Princess then and he smiled, "And with a queen in the land, I feel all of it will go smoother and sweeter." The two exchanged another of those little smiles. Amrothos grinned in a way that made Théodwyn wonder if the young prince had something to do with the engagement; she wouldn't have put it past this cheerful fellow at least. "Now, my dear", she said then, looking at her son, "I've yet to hear about how you met the Lady Lothíriel." The two exchanged another brief glance, and in that look Théodwyn saw secret meetings and romantic letters and all sorts of things mothers have no business knowing about. "We met