My second Twilight fic. I'm combining to separate ideas to make this happen. The next chapter will be up as soon as it's written. This chapter took three days to write so by the end of the week the next chapter will be up. I'm experimenting with Bella's character a little so tell me what you think. I had stayed out later than I usually did, later than I would have liked to. But, with Jake, it's like time stops. Like the world would stand still forever and I'd never have to face reality. Although this isn't true, I like to pretend. As I pulled into the small driveway in front of Charlie's house, I contemplated throwing the thing in reverse and heading back to La Push. I reasoned with myself that Charlie would be safer if I just didn't come home. My real reason was selfish, I just wanted to see Jake and take the pain away again. But I couldn't do that to Charlie, I couldn't just disappear. He needed me. I finally killed the engine and slid out into the dark rain. I didn't really mind the rain anymore. If I did, it would keep me away from the people I love. I wish it did, and then they would all be safe. My afternoon with Jacob had been cut short by an uninvited guest, although, I saw her coming but I'm not Alice. It was my fault we were all in this mess, if I hadn't been there, that one night; we might have avoided all this. But no, because I was selfish and had to be with him, I've put everyone I love in danger. I continued my way to the door, absentmindedly noting that Charlie wasn't home yet. I had to make dinner for him, and then I'd call Jake. Or, since I'd want Jake here, I'd call him while I was making dinner. If he was going to come, he should at least have some say in what I made. I was so absorbed in my thoughts that I hit the door with a surprising force. I fell backwards and started at it through the darkness, thinking it might fall as well. The force I made contact with was like walking into a vampire who was moving in the other direction. I almost wanted to curl up there and cry over my loss, but I had to make dinner for Charlie and at least pretend I was alright. I'm a terrible liar, and I know he sees through it, but he also knows; I'm doing this for him. I finally got up off my butt and opened the door. As soon as I was inside I took my boots and wet jacket off, the seat of my jeans was also wet, and proceeded to locate the light. Even after living here for almost a year, I still couldn't find the light when it was dark. I found it and flipped it on, staring around as if I was expecting someone to be waiting for me. I didn't know who I expected; him , Alice, Jake, or Victoria, but I was alone. I was thankful of that, needing to change and possibly shower before Charlie got home. I made my way around the house in the same paranoid fashion I did every day. When I was sure that there was no one on the main floor I headed upstairs to the one place his memory still remained fresh. I opened my door and entered my small room without turning the light on. I figured, if there was someone waiting for me, they didn't need to see me like this. I gathered up my favourite sweat pants and a grubby t-shirt and my shower stuff. Maybe this would clear my head, and then I'd call Jake. I was about to leave the room when I heard a faint mumbling, like someone talking in their sleep. I could have sworn I heard whoever it was say my name, but I ignored it, passing it off as the wind. I didn't dare turn the light on. I had a feeling I knew who it was, but if I was right and found out for sure now there was no way I would be able to stop myself from running all the way back to La Push. I'd go shower, then I'd check. Or maybe I would shower, make dinner for Charlie, call Jake and have him check. Honestly I was too afraid to look. If it was her I'd be dead soon, so I'd wait. I left the room as soon as my eyes began to adjust, I couldn't risk proving myself right. I know it's her, but I will not look. I went into the communal bathroom and locked the door, even though I knew it wouldn't stop a vampire it was still reassuring. I striped completely and stood in front of the mirror. I knew I was going to die soon so I let my mind wander to the people I couldn't think about without falling apart. I looked at my naked body and mentally compared my awkward build to Rosalie's perfect one. Even though I could feel my heart ripping itself to pieces at the mere thought of the blond vampire I could still remain sane enough to be jealous and contemplate a serious diet. I choose to step on the scale, genuinely curious. I didn't like the number I saw. Despite the depression and lack of appetite, I had still gained weight. I was almost ten pounds heavier than the last time I'd stepped on the scale. With the Cullens temporarily forgotten, due to my new problem, I tried to deduce a reasonable explanation to my weight gain. I hadn't eaten much in the past seven months, and in the last two; I had been extremely active. Just like I had always thought, there was something wrong with me. I almost wanted to give up on a shower, but I was sticky from a long day with Jake and needed to warm water to wash away all it could. I knew I had too many problems already to worry about something as trivial as my weight. I turned the water on and stepped into the shower, not waiting for it heat up and immediately regretted it. I let out a sharp cry and jumped out of the water's direct flow. Then I froze. Silence greeted me, as did my echo. I was overreacting, very clearly paranoid. When I was sure of no movement through the house I stepped back into the shower, this time it was lukewarm. I decided that was good enough and proceeded to wash my hair. I spent more time than necessary in the water, allowing it to slowly get hotter and hotter until I was burning my skin and had to get out before developing 3rd degree burns. I towelled off and stared at the clock that Charlie had decided to hand in here. Charlie got off at nine tonight and it was seven, I'd have two hours still to make dinner and call Jake. I quickly pulled on my t-shirt and sweats and took the rest of my clothes down to the laundry room. I keenly avoided my room, thinking it best to take my bathroom supplies back there at bedtime. The first thing I did when I got to the kitchen was check messages. There were two missed calls, one from Charlie from ten minutes ago and one from this afternoon from a number I didn't recognize. There were no messages though. I decided to call Charlie before I spent the next two hours talking to Jake. I dialled the familiar number and listed to it ring once, twice, three times and then finally a voice on the other end. "Forks city police, Chief Swan speaking." "Hi, Dad. It's Bella." I replied and heard his stance shift. "Sorry I didn't get the phone, I was in the shower." "Oh, hey Bells. I was just calling to see if you were home yet." I noticed how uncomfortable he sounded as he voiced his concern. "Um, yeah. Sorry I was out so late, Jake and I lost track of time. Hey Dad, what do you think of the Blacks coming over for dinner? I mean we're always eating over there, it'd be a nice change." I didn't really want Billy coming, but I thought Charlie would get suspicious if I just invited Jake. "That's a great idea, Bells! And ya know, there's a game on tonight, too." Perfect. They would be distracted. "I'll give them a call now then. Okay, love you Dad, see you later." "You too, Bells. Take care." The line went dead. I let it buzz for several more seconds before I hit the end button and dialled Jake's number. It rang once before I heard his familiar voice answer concerned. "Bella? What's wrong? Did something happen?" I laughed wholeheartedly at his tone. "No, no Jake. Everything's fine. Charlie just wanted to invite you and your Dad for dinner and to come watch the game. What do ya say?" I hear the smile in his response. "Sure! I'll wheel my Dad right over." I laughed again, more for my own benefit than anything else. I hadn't heard the sound in so long. "I'll see you in like ten minutes then, okay?" "Yeah." I breathed the word in a breathless manner. "I can't wait to see you." It sounded stupid; I had spent the whole day with him. But he didn't laugh at me. "Okay. Love ya Bella." "Love you too, Jake." I responded in the same tone he did. Not really noticing what I'd said until I'd hung up. "Oh my god! I'm such an idiot!" He was going to take the wrong way, like he always did. I tried to take my mind off of the unfortunate conversation that was destined to come from my comment but boiling water for pasta. I didn't know what I was going to do with it, but I needed to do something that took my full attention. We had had spaghetti the night before so that was out of the question, then I thought of boiled potatoes. I left the water to boil and went down to the seller to get the potatoes. The doorbell rang as I finished dropped the last of the potatoes into the water and placed the lid on. I was about to go get it when it opened and a loud boisterous voice called out to me. "Hey Bella!" "Hey Jake, I missed you! How ya doing Billy?" I called back. I didn't bother with going to greet them; the house was so small that the only logically place to go was the somewhat spacious kitchen. "I'm fine, Bella. It was very nice of you to invite us over like this." I turned to face them as they entered the room. "Yeah, no. Just, ya know, returning the favour, right?" I replied awkwardly. Ever since I'd moved to Forks, Billy and I have been on uneasy terms. "Do you have any preferences for dinner, I'm kinda lacking ideas." "Lucky for you, we thought of that." Billy smiled and I noticed Jake had left the room. He was just retuning with four brown paper bags. "Harry Clearwater's fish fry, Charlie's favourite." "And I, um, started to make potatoes, I could mash them up when their ready." Billy smiled at me in a way that made me feel very uncomfortable. "I'm home!" Charlie called as he I heard the door slam. He had perfect timing, breaking the awkward silence that felt to span hours, where in reality it had only been a couple of minutes. "Hey, Dad! Dinner's almost ready." I replied, using this moment as an excuse to escape Billy's gaze. I moved into the front room and gave Charlie a hug and a kiss