A/N: I know that I should be working on my other story but I've had this nagging me for a while now. This will come in two or three parts- hopefully I will not take too long to write the rest. This will change to M in the next chapter. Whether or not I continue this depends on the response really. So let me know whether or not you like it. Part 1: Monday to Thursday xXx On Monday, I decided her skin was Egyptian silk, her hair liquid gold. I doubt she noticed me, all thin limbs and gangly appearance, as my shirt draped sympathetically over my bony shoulders. But I noticed her. I noticed the way the morning sun shone at just the angle that illuminated her hair into an amber halo, and lit the blue and green in her eyes to a turquoise masterpiece. I noticed the silent rhythm her fingers tapped against the school desk with her perfectly manicured nails. The feathery texture of her eyelashes as they fluttered and graced her cheekbones when she blinked. The arch of her eyebrows. The plump bow of her lips. The careful dip of her blouse. Her, her, her. My eyes squeezed shut as I tried to distract myself. The last thing I wanted was to be caught staring at Rosalie Hale. I could just imagine the ammunition that would give her friends. Or her boyfriend. I cringed in my seat. Last time I saw him he had thrown a precisely aimed water balloon laced with flour and glitter at me during lunch break while I was holding my lunch tray. The reminiscence of dropping my tray of food onto my shoes as water dripped from my now soaked shirt and hair was still vivid. On cue, my cheeks burned a fiery red and my eyes stung at the memory of that afternoon. Royce King was awful and I had no idea what I had done to him to deserve the things he had done to me. How someone as cruel as him could catch the attention of someone like Rosalie Hale confused me further. Rosalie Hale. I thought dreamily, my eyes involuntarily finding their way back to the blonde in question. God she's beautiful. "Miss Swan?" I jerked upwards, the hand that was supporting my chin slapping against the table loudly as I turned my attention to the front of the class room. "Mr. McConnell?" I said shakily, now aware that I had just possibly been caught staring at the blonde bombshell at the corner of the room. Everyone had now turned and I could feel their eyes examining me. I could feel her staring me. I self-consciously shrunk further into my chair. He cleared his throat pointedly, his eyes narrowed in my direction. "Stimulated emission compared to the natural emission of electrons falling to ground state, Miss Swan. Can you give me a difference?" he asked. I swallowed hard. "T-two identical photons are produced in st-stimulated emission than in natural emission." "What direction are they going in?" "The same direction?" I replied, hesitantly. He opened his mouth to reply, the bell interrupting him. He didn't bother to continue as I hurriedly slammed my textbook shut and shoved everything into my bag. I clutched my binder to my chest as a tried to scuttle out of the classroom as inconspicuously as possible. My foot caught the edge of the doorframe as I exited the classroom, unsurprisingly. I stumbled, the loose pages scattering across the ground. Thankfully, I did not fall on my face as anticipated. I blushed at the chuckles behind me as my classmates stepped over me to exit the door. Howling laughter caught my attention down the hall as I reached forward to grasp the last piece of paper on the ground, just in time for a basketball to slam purposefully down onto my hand. I yelped, loudly, probably like a wounded dog, and looked up in time to see Royce King grinning at me over his shoulder as he held a basketball aloft and walked down the hall. "Fuck." I whimpered, cradling my reddening hand against my chest as my eyes watered. As I wallowed in self-pity, a pair of perfectly white pumps appeared in front of me. I froze, my eyes following shapely legs and hips over a taught stomach and full breasts to meet the eyes of Rosalie Hale. My doe brown eyes met her intense blue for a moment. They were incredibly piercing, but seemed to soften at my look of bewilderment, almost apologetically. Without saying anything and maintaining eye contact, she picked up the piece of paper that was on the ground, carefully handing it back to me before strutting away. xXx On Tuesday, I decided if there was a god, he really did hate me. Coach Clap's whistle blew loudly in the gym as my teammates milled around me. I whimpered slightly. Of all games to be pitted against Royce and his entourage dodgeball was the one I dreaded the most. I could already see him singling me out, squeezing the dodgeball in his hand until half of it was concave, in and out like a beating heart. He smirked at me. It's not like I was even built for sport. I had maintained an even muscle tone and was quite toned among my peers-true- but my hand eye coordination was pathetic and I seemed to be cursed with a chronic clumsiness. It didn't help that I chose not to wear my contacts- opting for my glasses. I severely doubted my ability to dodge any ball that Royce could have thrown at me over the fifteen meter gap that separated us. I tried to make myself as small as possible in the corner of the field. Within five minutes, I was one of two people left on my team, while nearly three quarters of the opposing team was still in. Rosalie was sitting on the bleachers, watching the game with a look of boredom on her face. Our eyes met as Mike, the last person on my team was hit by a ball. A hand lifted, as if in warning, before a dodgeball cracked my glasses clean off my face. "King! What did I tell you about aiming for the face?!" Clapp yelled, as I scrambled to find my glasses amidst the pain of my reddening cheek, and the tang of blood on my tongue. "Ah, sorry coach! Must've missed!" he said with an unconvincingly apologetic tone to his voice. The bell rang for lunch, and laughing teenagers made their way into the locker room to get changed, leaving me to find my glasses. Can no-one see that I'm blind? Actually, I doubted anyone ever noticed me at all. Five minutes later and the gym was completely silent as the last of them seemed to leave the gym. I sighed heavily. Debating whether I should risk trying to get to the locker room for my stuff even though I could only just make out my hand if I squinted the right way. A started when a warm hand grasped my shoulder. "Hey… here." The blur in front of me pressed the cold shape of what I presumed were my glasses against my hand. I slid them on slowly, still trying to decipher who exactly had bothered to help me. It took a few seconds to focus, and when I did, I nearly fell backwards in surprise. Rosalie Hale, in all of her sports-chic glory was standing over me. Her perfectly made-up ponytail was artfully executed to leave wisps of hair framing her flawless cheekbones and her outfit was something I'd imagine straight out of a sports illustrated magazine. Without a word, she turned, strutting away. I sat on the ground as she sashayed away. I think that's the first time she's ever talked to me. I marvelled, my fingers wicking up the excess blood that had pooled along my lower lip. Hmm. As I made my way to physics, I caught sight of a very angry looking Royce King marching down the hall alone. Looking towards the direction he had come, I could see Rosalie Hale amidst the milling students, a bored expression on her face. However my curiosity didn't last long as Jessica, the school's resident gossip, stopped to talk to one of her friends. "Did you just see what happened between Rosalie and Royce? Oh my god, Rosalie totally snapped at him over something that happened during PE." A mumbled reply. "Oh, yeah, she called him stupid and everything. I think they've broken up or something. She called him retarded. What a bitch. Royce is such a hunk." I watched as they failed to notice the blonde bombshell in question as she strutted towards the classroom like a supermodel, stopping right behind them in time to hear them call her a bitch. She stiffened, her famous icy demeanour becoming arctic. "Get out of my way, Stanley, before I emotionally crush you." The hissed venomously, and her eyes turned to slits. Jessica seemed to jump right out of her skin, skittering away like a frightened puppy with its tail between its legs. I wasn't even who Rosalie was looking at, and I felt intimidated from where I was standing. Class was uneventful, my mind wandering down its usual path when I sat in the same classroom as some sort of demigoddess who wouldn't spare me a second glance. That is, until ten minutes before the bell rang, when the teacher announced our next assignment. "Okay guys. As you know at this time of year group assignments are handed out. This counts for a large portion of your grade, and since I'm nice, you can pick your own partners. Two in a group unless we have an odd number. The assignment outline is on my desk. Pick your partner, and write down your names on here," he lifted a sheet of paper, "see you guys on Wednesday". I immediately deflated. No one I knew was in this class and I had enough trouble finding a table to sit on at lunch. I watched as people paired up… and realised that no one had approached Rosalie. This didn't surprise me. Ever since I could remember, from when we were children playing in the sand pit in grade school, Rosalie was never one who was chosen, she was always the one who chose you. If there were twenty kids waiting to try the swing set and she had finished her turn, she chose who went next. It didn't matter if they were waiting the longest or shortest time- if you were chosen, you were chosen . And that attitude that people fostered towards her had always remained, becoming more acute as the baby chubbiness fell from her cheeks and she grew into a young woman. And what a woman. I resolved to myself that I'd just have to talk to Mr. McConnell about going this assignment alone or something- since nobody had wanted to be my partner. So when the class ended, I slowly packed my stuff as children filtered out of the classroom. "Excuse me, sir. I don't have a partner." Mr. McConnell cast an odd look in my direction. "Really, Bella? I could've sworn there were 14 pairs for the 28 kids in this class." He shuffled through his folder, looking over the sheet. "Ah, yes, see. Right at the bottom." I peered down at the proffered piece of paper, and sure enough, in elegantly curved writing on the slot was written: Rosalie Hale + Isabella Swan. I nearly had a heart attack. xXx On Wednesday, I decided after much careful deliberation that the reason someone like Royce King was able to successfully hold a conversation and relationship with Rosalie Hale was because he sucked it up and grew a pair. It's not the fact he has money, is attractive, and is almost unreasonably self-confident. So as I sat there