Grace Hale watched her sister and two bridesmaids enter the church and head down the aisle. "Darling are you sure you want to do this? I can ..." "Daddy, I'm perfectly fine and I know in the bottom of my heart that I'm making the right decision." Richard Hale kissed his daughter on the cheek and gave her a hug. "You really do look stunning." "Thank you daddy, time to go they are playing my song." Grace air kissed her father, not wanting any of her red lipstick to stain his cheek and strutted down the aisle. She heard the gasps and murmurs as she made her way towards her fiancé with a serene smile on her face. Grace knew none of her guests expected her to strut down the aisle in a skintight Grecian style red ball gown that highlighted her curves. She looked over at her fiancé James, noticed the look of pure terror in his eyes and laughed. Her laugh chilled James to the bone and he knew there was no escape. She whispered something to Father O'Day and went straight up to the pulpit. "Ladies and gentleman, I'm sorry to tell you that there will be no wedding today. Yesterday, I returned home a couple hours early and discovered my, excuse my language Father; slut of an assistant Victoria riding James reverse cowgirl style. Further more, when caught James had the audacity to ask me if I'd like to join them. I thought it was only fair to return the utter humiliation I felt to them both today. Victoria you are fired and James you will find your belongings sitting outside of my townhouse right now. The locks have been changed, I'm keeping the ring, and I'm going on our honeymoon alone. If you so much as try to contact me ever again I'll let Jasper do what he wanted to do last night when I called him. You are all invited to stay for mass and the reception will follow at five tonight except it will be a celebration of getting rid of utter scum. Your wedding gifts will all be returned once I get back from Europe." I noticed my sister Rose heading over to James and I thought about stopping her for a fraction of a second before my better angels told me this would be acceptable under the circumstances. One broken nose coming up, I thought as she touched his shoulder then she surprised me as she used her full force to knee him in the groin. James dropped to the floor screaming in pain. "Forgive me Father for I have sinned." She stated to Father O'Day. Father O'Day pushed down his urge to laugh and managed to simply grin. "You are forgiven my child." "Victoria where for art thou?" Rose asked with an evil grin. I had the pleasure of watching terror settle in her face as she struggled out of the pew and ran towards the exit of the church. I actually still couldn't believe that she dared to come to the wedding. I looked over at James who was still crumpled on the floor and walked over to his parents. "I'm truly sorry for embarrassing you Mr. and Mrs. Reed. You've been nothing but kind to me the last four years and I really liked you a lot. I'll miss you both." "Grace, I'm truly sorry for what my idiot son did to you. I certainly did not raise him to be a deviant. Once you come back from Europe, I'll have you over for tea. I hope that you can find it in your heart to not leave us at the altar. Don't worry our son will not be residing with us." The first tears I'd shed over this entire affair slid down my cheeks as I embraced the woman I thought would be the perfect mother-in-law. She pulled me in tighter and whispered in my ear, "I won't let go until you are ready. You can cry for a minute or two hours I don't care, I've got you." Her sweet words only made me cry more. A few minutes later I heard Father O'Day start the mass and I pulled myself together. Mrs. Reed kissed my forehead and I turned around to see my brother Jasper standing there smirking at me. "Once a drama queen, always a drama queen." He chuckled quietly making me laugh. He wrapped his arm around my shoulder and escorted me back to the pew my family was in. Rose took my left hand and Jasper my right and they didn't let go until we went up for communion. I was surprised how many guests had stayed for the mass. James was gone and so was his best man Tyler. His groomsmen Laurent and Mike were sitting beside the Reeds and mouthed sorry to me. I smiled at them both and knelt down to say a few prayers. Several hours and glasses of champagne latter I was working on my third piece of wedding cake. A third of the guests did not show up for the reception, which left the possibility of seconds. Jasper almost ate his weight in crab puffs during the cocktail hour yet he still requested a second bacon wrapped filet mignon main course. Dinner was delicious, my filet melted in my mouth but it was the cake that I had been waiting for. Five tiers of moist chocolate brownie cake with chocolate frosting covered with to die for butter cream icing. I had the entire top tier at my table and fully intended on eating it all. "Jasper will you go over there and tell Miss Piggy that their is going to be a wardrobe malfunction if she eats anymore cake." "Rose first of all her douche of a fiancé cheated on her in her own bed. Secondly, it's her wedding cake she's eating and finally, you know she never gains weight when she eats sweets. I think you've gained a pound just watching her eat that cake." "Well would you go over there with me so we can slow her consumption down at least?" "It's my cake go away." I responded when my siblings sat down at my table. Rose rolled her eyes and Jasper stuck his thumb in the butter cream icing which forced me to hit him in the arm. We watched our parents on the dance floor for a few minutes, agreeing how lucky we were to have parents who were still happily married and madly in love after 36 years. "You still owe me a spin around the dance floor." Jasper reminded me. I looked at my brother and smiled. I still didn't understand why he didn't have a steady girlfriend. He was a kind, sensitive old soul who treated woman with respect while still managing to lust after them. If I had a dollar for every time he said, "great rack" I'd be a millionaire. Physically, even I had to admit that my brother was hot. Jasper was 6"3 with a medium build, honey blond hair, warm light brown eyes and a killer smile. He had a small stable of fillies as he called them, that he went out with and brought home. He was about to turn 34 and Rose and I thought he should settle down and get married. Thanks to James, Rose and I wouldn't be able to mention marriage for quite some time. Jasper was the epitome of the over protective big brother and Rose and I loved him for it. He was always there for us. "Don't worry Jasp, I want to dance with you so I won't forget. Why don't you get Rose out there so I can finish my cake in peace. One slice won't kill you Rose." "I already had two bites I'm good. My hips are big enough, I don't need to add to them." "Please Rose, your hips are perfect, now go dance!" Rosalie could always find fault with her body, which was absurd since she was a stunning and statuesque 30-year-old beauty. She was 5"9 with deep blue eyes, wavy golden blond hair and a killer rack. She was curvy in all the right places and was always capturing men's attention. On first meeting she came across as cold and aloof but once you got to know her you realized how warm, generous and fiercely loyal she was. She worked out five days a week and was always after Jasper and I about the crap we ate. I loved sweet stuff while Jasper preferred salty snacks. Rose's weakness was spicy chicken wings. She had broken up with her boyfriend Albert, five months ago after dating him for a year. Rose said they didn't want the same things out of life and it was for the best. I had finished the cake by the time Jasper came to collect me for our dance. He made small talk with me for a few minutes until I couldn't take it any longer. "Spit it out Mr. Hale." "Rose and I have been talking and we thought it would be fun to join you on your honeymoon. The train is sold out but we can join you in Venice. None of us have ever been to Italy. Remember how much fun we had in England and Scotland before you met the jackass? "Do you both really want to see Italy or are you just doing it..." "Yes we are concerned about you but we know that you'll get over him quickly. We want to offer some support but mostly we want to have fun. Italian women have great racks." "Really, Rose is going to ogle woman's breasts?" I laughed. "No, she's going to ogle Italian men, I'm going for the breasts." I started laughing and kissed him on the cheek. "I love you big brother." "I love you little sis." He responded as he enveloped me in a bear hug. We danced a few more times before sitting back down at our family table. Jasper filled mom and dad in on our little travel plan and they told us it was a brilliant idea. Rose wanted to go to Milan for the shopping and I promised her we'd go. I was due to fly out Thursday afternoon and stay in London until Sunday morning when the Orient Express left Victoria Station. I'd arrive in Venice on Monday early evening and I wanted a few days to myself. Rose looked up flights on her iPhone and called the airline to book two seats to Venice via Rome the following Friday afternoon. The DJ had packed up and left a little after one and the remaining guests followed them shortly after, stopping by the table my siblings and I were holding court at to tell me it was a hell of a party. That made me feel even better about the decisions I'd made in regards to the non-wedding. Soon just my immediate family remained; mom and dad kissed the three of us and confirmed that we would all be at dinner Sunday night. Mom had taken two of the cake layers home with the left over hors d'oeuvres. The cater came out from the kitchen with two medium sized boxes. "Grace, your mother said you'd want the last two pieces of cake for breakfast and the last of the hors d'oeuvres for lunch. May I say that I wished I could have been at the church today when you called off the wedding and humiliated him. It was very brave of you and still going ahead with the reception; well I think you rock. It was a great party." "Thank you Heather, your food rocked too. I'm going to tell everyone I know that you are the best cater in the city. Do you have any business cards left?" "Your father took them all. I'd be happy to mail you some more." "How about I stop