PROLOGUE... Long ago, in the Galonstiyl Solar System, there were seven planets. They were Earth, Galmagar, Telenta, Makonwy, Corudia, Whistannya, and Blakya. Blakya was the largest and closest to the Sun. And long ago, on Blakya, an evil spirit formed from the ashen volcanoes. That spirit in now known as Daeimlaa, meaning 'the Great Enemy'. At first, he was rather dim-witted and unaware, but not for long. He gathered information on the Galaxy, and had a burning desire to control it. He split his body into seven pieces, one for each planet. Carefully watching over the folk of the other worlds, he chose one person from each planet, called the Chosen Ones, and, after placing a piece of his soul into theirs, he bent them to his will. From there, he corrupted the hearts of the weak. But the Galonstiyl Solar System is strong, and can well defend itself. There is much good there, fighting against Evil. Take for example, the wise elves of Whistannya and Corudia. And the stout hearts of the Galmagarians. The wise sorcerers of Telenta. The brave, well-meaning folk of Makonwy. Earth, on the other hand, was a failure. Mostly, it was because the Earthean humans did not believe. The dwarves shook their heads in pity of Earth, the Elves had tears in their eyes when they spoke of Earth, the Galmagarians pounded their fists when Earth was the topic, the witches spoke of tragic prophecy for Earth. Even the Gods had to admit there was no hope. The Gods... It all started with 'Emenost, the Creator. He was the only one at first. But he did not want to rule the Galaxy alone, for he was very good and kind-hearted. He created Gwuina, who was to be the King of the Gods. After that, Nystyle, Goddess of Love, Wythhok, God of Music and Joy, and then, Kala, his first Great Creation. Kala was the Goddess of Help. Her tale was a widely known one, often told to small Elven children or wizened old witches. In a land now called Imladdriln, there was a small circle of grass in the deep forest. In the very center, there was a very sacred pool. Its crystal-clear waters were held in a large bowl-like hole, the bottom a slick surface of apple-green rock. Soft moss embedded most of the rock, and covered the ground around it. It was very beautiful, and very sacred indeed. One day, a young frog was hopping about on a very hot day. Unaware of its sacredness, the frog named Mysten bounced right in and swam the afternoon away. Eventually, the Sun began to set, and Mysten was very tired. He tried to hop out, and realized that not only had all his splashing made some water spill out, but the rock basin was extremely slippery. He simply could not keep his little grippy toes on the surface of the rock. And he could not jump that high. Just when Mysten was giving in to despair, the Great God 'Emenost took pity on the helpless frog. From the churning waters of the pool, he created a young, beautiful maiden with dark, velvety black hair. She was a Goddess, the Goddess of Help. Her name was Kala. Standing in the pool, she noticed the exhausted frog. Picking him up in her gentle hands, she began to stroke him, and after a while she put him down in the moss beside the pool. The grateful Mysten looked up at her in awe, then bounded away. Kala became known for her gentleness and kindness. With the help of 'Emenost, she created the first Elves, only at the time she called them 'Arnon'. She told each and every new elf that their job was to protect all nature, and that is just what they did. Thus is the story of Kala. Of all the five good planets, Whistannya was the greatest. There dwelled the original 'Arnon' of Kala, called the Haxcranyan Elves. These were the wisest, strongest, least-easily-corrupted elves, with the survival skills of the fittest. They held more wisdom than even the Kronadon witches (though not in the same category). The wisest of them knew every language of Galonstiyl. Many Haxcranyan elves were Gods, as were the elves of the planet Corudia. One of the greatest Haxcranyan Gods was Ouralwin Luthiadain, the Goddess of Wilderness. She was fair and kind, and very beautiful. Her long, thick hair was a most amazing raven-black, her eyes a soft sea-grey, her skin white and fair. At her waist she carried her long, silver sword, Gaemhuul, sheathed in wood with carved leaves. Set upon her brow was a thin wreath of leaves and twigs and flowers, masterfully entwined like a crown. It was said that she would destroy the Chosen Ones of Daeimlaa. Here follows her fate... Chapter One: IMLADDRILN... fEATURING: Ouralwin My name is Ouralwin Luthiadain. I live in the forests of the Elven realm Ithaliad of Whistannya. The Chosen One of Whistannya is Blaxioadda. He is a dark, terrible force, built of iron and volcanic rock. I, and many other of my kin, detest him. But now is not the time to speak of such dark things. I was riding Sathold, my faithful stallion, who's been with me through many dangers. He bears a coat gleaming silver-grey, dark as a sky of thunder unlit by lightning. His tumbling black mane and tail fell long and loose, his tangled forelock nearly covering his eyes. The two of of us were very old, very good friends. As I told him we were to ride to Imladdriln, his smooth, rippling canter shifted to a breath-taking gallop, racing through the forest. We finally reached the Salavandi River, a large, wild river of foaming white, rushing waters, when the Enemy's Black Servants began to pursue us. They were completely covered in a black, ragged veil. A large hood masked their face. They had voices of steel, just like their master, Blaxioadda. Their steeds looked like horses, but in heart they were no proud horses. Large horses they were too, and black, with glistening red eyes. I knew the Black Servants long had great hatred of anything that opposes fire, (except sunlight, they hate that) so I directed Sathold through the stream and with my sword , Gaemhuul, I slashed at the bridge, so that the Servants could not use it. This seemed to stop them for the moment, but finally, one by one, they stepped into the river. I drew my sword, and with hatred burning in my heart I said loudly and clearly, "Dare if thee wilt to cross the Salavandi River, but to do so thou art not wise, for thee shall suffer great pain, and then, thee shall die!" Two servants left the scene. Still five remained. First only muttering under my breath but rising with courage, I spoke an old Elven curse, "Duin, kaulavausa mestrail iien. Rawa destor meil thiien. Reno nevo estra ii lyalya." A flicker of lightning, and thundercrack, and then, pelting splashes of rain streaming down over us. On the opposite bank, three Servants fled in terror of the rain. Only one, the leader of the Servants, remained. In the darkness of the storm, I sheathed my sword. In the flash of a heartbeat I had my bow twanged, with an arrow knocked at the ready, my cold sea-grey eyes fixed upon the last Servant. Thunder rolled and boomed overhead. The mighty Servant's steed backed up in fear. I had defeated the Servants, for the time being. In a cold voice so unlike mine, I announced, "You have failed to destroy me. Go back to your master, Blaxioadda." Knowing that I was right, he turned around and disappeared into the forest. The thunder made one last boom, the lightning one last crack, and the rain was gone. I quietly steered Sathold into the woods on the opposite bank. After we'd been going for a while, Sathold spoke in my mind, "You should have fought them and destroyed them, Luthiadain. Then they would be gone forever." I sighed, then answered, "No, Sathold. Blaxioadda would take it as a signal that we want war with him. The Black Servants? He would only create more. It would be in vain for us to destroy them. Do not fear, Sathold. Someday, Blaxioadda the Accursed will be shattered to dust, whether by the sword or simply by being outwitted, he will be ash, and all good that was hidden away will come out again. The Servants, and all those rash, bloodthirsty iron-clad soldiers, his Neon-Okachi, will be gone. Someday, Sathold, we shall destroy them." From there we rode on in silence, until at last we reached our destination. There was a sudden, very steep drop falling to the valley. It was all deep forest, and the trees were tall and strong with shining silver bark, illuminated by the moonlight. Wild animals were plenty in the valley, and streams of clear blue drinking water wound throughout the whole valley. Rushing waterfalls poured over cliffdrops, catching the sunlight and reflecting it to a dazzling brightness. Various birds called overhead in a melodic voice. And in the center of the valley, white-stone pathways leading through white-stone chapels and balconies, through ancient Grecian buildings. It was an utterly beautiful place. It was the home of Erodno the Eldest, my godfather. I walked silently to the center of the valley. Sathold went off looking for other horses, for many elven horses dwell in forest rather than grassland. Finally, I came to a sapphire blue stream, and sitting next to it, in a chair of entwined pine branches, was Erodno the Eldest. In his palms was open a large old book with yellowed pages: his Book of Lore. He is 5,032 years old, hence "Erodno the 'Eldest'". He had the blackest hair imaginable, so dark it hurt even my Elven-Goddess eyes. His sea-grey eyes, the same shade as mine, were worn with toil, but a smile leapt to his expression when he saw me. "Ouralwin, it's been 2,056 years since I've seen you, my friend." Ever since the day I was borne, Erodno's been sort of a father to me, for on that very day, my first day of life, all the rest of my family was either slaughtered or taken captive. I knew he would want to talk and make merry, but I had more urgent things to speak of. "Erodno, I need help. War is coming, the Enemy is rising. We need to gather all the army we can, and we need to be ready, for when Blaxioadda strikes, he will strike hard. Very hard. Our defenses have to hold." Erodno nodded, then replied, "I will gather the peoples of the other lands in Whistannya for a council. But, Ouralwin, not until next week. You still have things to do here, things the prophecies have commanded. Do not ask me what; even the wisest cannot tell. Also, I need to get my things in order. My Book of Lore still has many empty pages in the back. It's about time I start writing your story, the story of how Galonstiyl defeats Evil. For we will defeat evil, and one must not forget that. Tonight, Ouralwin Luthiadain, you will wander through the forest of Imladdriln, and let the power and beauty of nature take over your heart, so that you may forget all else for a little while." I walked through the moonlit trees silently. I could feel the magic of the wilderness entwining me. The soft breeze lifted my hair to the West. The scent of pine hung in the nighttime air, overwhelming my senses to the extreme. The whispering of the trees, the tickle of the grass, the trickle of the streams, the rush of the waterfalls, the glinting stars against the ever darkening blueness, all these thoughts swirled in my soul. I was in an unbreakable trance where I was at peace with all nature.