Heartless By: pottersweetie Author's Note: This is the second installment of the whole story that is Heartless, all in Rosalie's point of view. Thanks for checking it out- especially those of you who stuck with me through the first part! I hope you all like it. Enjoy, Read, Review! Part Two Entering Night Chapter One Burning Alive April 20, 1934 - April 21, 1934 I had thought I was dying- really, truly slipping from this world- because what else could have possibly explained the fact that I was flying through the air at such a frighteningly impossible speed? And the pain was so intense throughout my body that I didn't even really register the fact that someone- Dr. Cullen, I forgot- was holding me in his arms. All I knew was the stinging cold and the pain- the pain that Royce and his friends had inflicted upon me in hopes of making a point about their positions of control- in hopes of ending my life- and it filled up all of my brain. It filled all of me with a horror that consumed every inch of my consciousness- so much so that it pulled me in and out of delirium. But , I then realized, if I'm dying, why isn't the pain going away- why won't the hurt and shame and all the feelings of blackness and despair just leave? I cried out in the darkness then, my eyes shut tight against the blurred world speeding past me. "Please," a deep, soothing and worried voice said. "I'm going to help you- I'm going to try my hardest to help you." I couldn't really focus on his words though, and their meaning was lost within the unfolding chaos of my brain. And then I was aware that the world was slowing down, that I was suddenly inside again, and the world was bright and warm around me. Relief didn't come with this realization though, because my body was still throbbing, shaking violently from shock and exhaustion and pain, and I allowed myself to slip into semi-unconsciousness. How long that unconsciousness lasted, I'm not certain. It could have been seconds or minutes, or even hours. All I knew during that time was the strange pieces of my world that floated in and out of my brain- images and ideas that I had no control in conjuring. I thought of Lewis Carroll's Alice, falling down the rabbit hole, of rainy days and pools of silk and lace. I thought of Warren, Vera's cousin and the first boy I ever liked- my first kiss- and I thought of his murder in the streets of New York. In a detached way, I thought of my wedding dress, of how beautiful and ethereal I looked in it- like an angel. I envisioned boxes and boxes of beautiful custom-made shoes- of fur stoles and silken gloves in pastel colors. I saw flowers and sunshine and a white house atop a hill in the mountains- summer houses in Italy and penthouses in Paris. And I found myself slipping away even further- the pain dulling and my mind growing still as the images vanished, my heart no longer thumping erratically, but pumping in slow, stuttering beats. I was grateful that things were growing darker- so relieved to be away from the pain and the shame. But then, just when I thought I was finally dying, something sharp was cutting at my throat and my wrists, and it jolted me back into consciousness. My eyes snapped open and I saw Dr. Cullen hovering over me, and I screamed, thinking he had only taken me from the street to inflict even more pain on me. "I'm sorry," he said, his voice choked by emotion upon witnessing my reaction. "I'm so sorry." I wanted to move- to get up, to get away from this man who had also hurt me, fight against this turn of events, twist away from what was happening- but my body was exhausted and in so much pain, that all I could do was writhe on my back, powerless. And then, a strange warmth was spreading from my neck, wrists, and ankles, spreading up and down and around, fighting away the bitter chill that had clenched by body only moments before. But it wasn't a comfortable warmth- not like immersing yourself in a hot bath on a winter's night, or slipping under a quilt in the dark- this warmth had an underlying bite to it, and I barely recognized the fact that I was squirming around- twisting my torso as much as my wounded body would allow, trying to get away from it. "Please," Dr. Cullen said, his voice echoing in the recesses of my preoccupied brain. "I'm sorry." I groaned against the growing malevolence of the warmth, feeling as if my already-raw throat was tearing open with the guttural noise. "I'm so sorry," the voice said again, as I absently felt ropes being looped around my wrists and ankles, pinning them down, and then another around my waist. But those ropes entered very little into my brain, because at that moment, I suddenly felt the warmth heating up- growing, growing, worsening, burning - until it felt like liquid fire was being pumped through my veins. It felt like being sliced through with flames from the inside, out, and I screamed in agony and terror- wishing for any kind of pain Royce thought he could afflict on me, instead of whatever this was. Then the heat sieged its way to the base of my body, burning through organs and tissue, until it got to my heart, sending it into an angry gallop in my chest. I fought against my binds, wanting to be free so I could claw at my chest and rip out my own heart- such was my ferocity against this pain. But I was held too tightly, the ropes twisting against flesh as I pulled and fought and cried. "NO!" I screamed, the word finally working its way up my throat. "PLEASE! STOP !" That phantom voice again, said, "Forgive me." My eyes flew open and everything was tinged red, and I looked around me with wild, unbridled eyes. I was in some kind of bedroom, and standing beside me still, was Dr. Cullen. Though my brain couldn't really acknowledge who he was or why this was happening, I saw him as a possibility. He could stop this pain even if he had also created it. As I fought against the ropes around me- trying to just get away- I screamed at him, begging, "KILL ME! Just kill me, please !" His face took on a pained look and he shook his head at me sadly, quietly saying, "I can't." "PLEASE!" I cried, hot tears streaming out of my eyes. "Please- Oh, God ! It hurts- Please!" Looking as if he couldn't stand to watch me another minute, he covered his mouth and turned from me, taking a few strides across the room, before turning back to watch me from a longer distance. Squeezing my eyes shut for a moment, I opened them again and pinned him down with an imploring look. "Please," my voice sounded pitiful as I spoke- from screaming so much- but I couldn't change that. "I'm begging of you." Slowly, he approached me again, and then knelt down beside me, taking my hand and unclenching the fist I had made, his palm cool and sympathetic against my own hot skin. "I won't kill you," he said to me, and I just barely heard him above the raggedness of my own breathing. "But I won't leave you either." I bit back the urge to scream as the heat rose within me- scorching my insides like a spark let loose in a field of dead leaves. He ran a cool, sweet hand against my forehead, and said, "I'm begging you for forgiveness." I couldn't respond- didn't even see him or know him any longer- because, just then, the burning heat reached its peak, my eyes rolled up into the back of my head, and I sank gratefully into unconsciousness. When I came to again my body was still playing host to the searing fire, and I wasn't sure how much time had passed since I had fallen into the cool darkness of being unaware. I didn't open my eyes- didn't want to see the world tinged in that horrible red again- so I wasn't sure if it was still dark out, or if the sun had risen on my nightmare. Regardless of time or space, I gasped and choked and screamed again- unable to find any other reaction to this blind pain. It was horrifying- how hot the inside of my body could possibly be- and I felt as if it was only getting worse. "I'm here," the calm, soothing voice of Dr. Cullen said- and I could still feel his cool hand in my own, hardly reacting as I squeezed and squeezed. "You're okay." "I'm not!" I screamed, forgetting composure- forgetting right and wrong and disapproval. "Everything- Everything burns !" Another hand brushed the hair from my face, and he said, "I know, but it won't be for long- I promise the burning will end." I fought against my restraints, but it did me no good- neither did screaming, so I finally shut up and lay there, paralyzed by phantom flames, tears slipping out of my closed eyes without permission. "I want to explain this to you," he said, his voice finding its strength. "I want you to understand what's happening." Furiously- dismissively- I shook my head. I didn't want to understand what was happening to me. I just wanted it to end. "What is happening to you right now isn't necessarily a bad thing," he said, and were I not in agony, I would have laughed at this. "It's a transformation of sorts, and whether it's good or bad.... Well, that's up to you." Though I was still shaking violently in pain and heat, I grasped what he was saying- I didn't understand it, but my brain took hold of it anyway. Dr. Cullen sighed the slightest bit as I felt the heat ebbing away almost infinitesimally- only to peak once again, I was sure. After a beat, he said, "I know it's hard to believe, but this burning is venom working its way through your blood stream- it's becoming a part of you and changing you." I sucked in a breath at this, because the word 'venom' brought on all kinds of frightening images. "The venom comes from my own body- it was the only way I knew to save you." The fire rose brutally, and I screwed my face up. All I could process was pain- plain, red-hot pain- but some part of my brain wanted to work out what this doctor had just said. I was burning because of venom- venom from his body? What kind of person had venom in their body? No kind of person, I knew. So how was this possible? Had I misheard him? Was Dr. Cullen out of his mind? The odds were supporting him though, because I felt the burning of this liquid-fire, and I knew it couldn't possibly be from any man-made product. This pain was inhuman. Surreal. Beyond comprehension or acceptance. "The truth, Miss Hale, is that I'm a vampire- that's where the venom comes from." I tried twisting away from him- my eyes shut against his face and the room around us- but it was no good. He continued quickly, saying, "I know it's impossible to believe, but it's the truth. And after the venom has worked its way through your body- when the burning stops- you will be a vampire as well." I stopped listening to him then. Too many unthinkable things had happened to me in succession, and I wouldn't accept this piece of information as well. The real things, the tangible things that I knew to