Dedicated to Trovia, who coined the term Odashmere and jumpstarting this plotline, and bravecresta, who prompted me the title of this piece eons ago. A huge enormous thank you to my betas the lovely chelziebelle, for catching my syntactic blunders, and the fantastic jeniezee for knowing exactly what my metaphors need for it to be more fluid. Also, thank you to my pre-readers: baronesskika and sohypothetically who gave me a boost of confidence and helpful comments when I need them the most. Banner made by me. Also: this is an outtake to the WIP I am currently working on that depicts how Finnick and Cashmere got to this point. Of all the things Annie understands of Finnick: the way he rolls his 'r's and tongues his 'z's when he speaks; how daunting tasks focuses him for hours; how his generosity and gentle demeanor refuse to waver as he stands as a pillar of patience; his nervous smile and playful nature - she doesn't understand how he can find enough solace in the dark to sleep. The blackness rivals the cave she lived in for four days two years ago, with shadows that prance and mock her with their shrill, gargling cries, begging for death as her fellow tributes drown in the flood. In times like this she finds that careful, controlled rocking brings her to ease. But tonight, she doesn't have to. Finnick's thrashing and panicked mumbles have the bed squeaking on its frame as it shakes beneath them. Facing him, Annie watches Finnick's face contort with anguish as sweat gleams off his brow. Guilt settles at the bottom of her stomach like sand. She shouldn't use his involuntary reactions to his night terrors as a way to cope with her own, but why wake him with her rocking while she was awake regardless of his. A whimper passes his lips as he tangles himself within the bedsheets further, even upon grasping onto them. The moonlight emitting through the large, open window illuminates the sheen of sweat, making her painfully aware that he is drenched in it. The touch of a breeze flutters through the curtains. It caresses Annie's cheek like an old friend but greets Finnick harshly, making his teeth chatter and body shiver. With a frown, Annie throws back the blanket and clasps the window shut in frustration. Falling heavily against the frame, Finnick arises from the din and bolts upright with a gasp. His wild, piercing eyes flare with anxiety as his hands frantically pad down the empty side of the bed. "A-Annie," his voice cracks. "Annie?!" Floating on the waves of his words, she's by his side with a cool hand sliding along the harsh lines in his face. She touches a kiss to his forehead, nose and finally his lips. Like Mags showed her. "Right here," she calls softly. The cataracts of shadow clear in his vision and settle his nerves, but the rapid beat of his heart refuses to slow. Annie presses another set of kisses to his face. This time, when she reaches his lips, they press against hers. Feeling the coarse skin of his fingertips along her scalp, they weave through the strains of her wispy, wind-tangled hair, anchoring her to the moment. Or him. "Annie." Finnick breathes out, relief washing over his face and relaxing his curled fingers. The tips drag back down her face, experimentally prodding at her skin as if she is just a figment of his imagination. "It's good to see you." "It's good to see you, too," she smiles, sweeping the sweat drenched wavy locks of bronze off to the side. "You were having quite the dream. Do you...want to talk about it?" The moonlight streaking his face makes the sheen more prominent. Drawing attention to the rainbow of emotions that colour his features, Finnick peels his fingers from her cheek and finds her cool hands to clasp around his shaking, clammy ones. With his eyes dropping to their conjoined hands, Annie knows an answer won't come. All the Capitol does is take and take. In this raw moment, Finnick refuses to relinquish the Capitol's hold, letting them grasp hold of those lips of his, sealing them with hot wax. Refraining him from exposing to Annie even an inkling of his eclectic fears. Of all those with warped loyalty, he should know by now that hers will remain steadfast long after she dies. "I'll go start a bath." She curls her fingers, still wrapped in his hair, around the matted tendrils, the slimy feel of sweat clinging along the nape of his neck like moss to a rock. She touches her lips to his crown before slipping her fingers from around the embrace of his tangles. "Why don't you come join me?" His green eyes flicker up under his short lashes as he lunges for her hand. Her warmth. The chill from the wind, still dancing in the air, refuses to offer Finnick kindness. "It'll be … nice. Just the two of us." "I would hope so," Annie chuckles, clasping their hands back together only to drag him into the spacious bathroom. The round jacuzzi tub sits in the furthest most corner, surrounded by homemade tealights molded into cleaned out seashells. She and Mags wished to make something different with their nimble fingers through the month of December; what better idea than to make candles during the coolest month. As she turns on the tap, faucets of sterling silver sing as fresh water pours down into the tub, filling it inch by inch. Testing the temperature with the inside of her wrist, Annie deems it too cold for a bath and turns the heat up by a millimeter more when Finnick coils his fingers around the waist of her slip. She can feel him all down along the curve of her spine as he presses himself against her. All of him. Her body straightens in shock from where Finnick's well-placed hands slide down her waist to her hips, tracing the curvature of her spine with his thumbs. His feathery touch has Annie's back bowing while she sucks her bottom lip securely between her teeth. Of that which Annie understands of Finnick and his carefully sculpted muscles from merciless training, she also understands the desire of those awful people with their talons for hands, tight, translucent skin, multicoloured eyes and complete lack of sensibility when it comes to his beauty. With that flawless contour pressed up against the harsh cuts of her crackling shoulder blades, how could she not understand? He feels solid and complete, like the sun, while she's all but an empty conch shell, hollowed out and waiting in the hot sand for the ocean to swallow her whole. The point of Finnick's chin digs into her shoulder, bringing her back, as his lips linger dangerously close to her ear. "Come take a bath with me, Honey. I want to play with you." His voice is synthetic, like when it comes through the grainy television set of her home three doors down. Stretching out of his grasp and grabbing the bottle of bubble bath, she pours the liquid in and then leaves the room, her bare feet slapping against the tiles. Annie ignores the way he calls out for her, busying herself with stripping the quilt and eggshell sheets from the bed and tossing them into the hamper. She's well acquainted with his closet at the end of the thin strip of hallway where Finnick keeps his linens, having changed the towels and sheets numerous times while he's been away in the Capitol. When she comes back into the bedroom, his cries for her attention have ceased. His silence is accompanied by the din of the rattling window, the click of the light as it illuminates the candles, and the slosh of the bathwater as Finnick sinks into the soap bubbles. The sheets fit along the mattress and pillows like a glove, giving her no added hassle. Smelling of the beach and trees, Annie curls beneath a fresh quilt and snuggles into the lulling softness. A yawn finally passes her lips. Turning her heavy eyes to the open bathroom door, guilt plagues her tired bones. She desperately needs to catch at least an hour of sleep after her refusal the day before, but she doesn't want to leave Finnick in the tub alone. Annie rubs some of the sleep from her heavy eyes, forcing them to capture as much light from the candles as she can. However, it's not enough. Annie shuffles over to Finnick's side of the bed and reaches for the remote control on his nightstand before shimming back to her side of the bed. But the crisp, coolness from the closet ridden sheets has her thin body shivering, teeth chattering and her eyes still threaten to close. So rarely do they ever have the need for a fireplace in District Four that Annie completely forgets of its existence in the lavish homes in Victor's Village. Realizing that Finnick has one in his bedroom - below the television conveniently enough - Annie switches it on and runs back to the cotton sheets and the thin quilt. The television awakens from its slumber with blinding blue and blaring sounds. Though the loud voices disturb the silence, Finnick doesn't stir. He remains as quiet as when Annie arrived back into the room. Maybe she should go check on him. But her legs won't budge as they keep her rooted amongst the sheets, attention stolen by the black box. From overly acted, romantically driven dramas to mind-numbing infomercials, it's as if the Capitol spares no extra expense on their regular television programs and invests it all that in the Games. Annie surfs through more low budget mid-morning dramas - catching glimpses of some very graphic sexual performances - and multiple fashion reality series', finally ceasing her idle flipping upon seeing Beetee sitting at an elliptical table. He drags stacks upon stacks of coloured chips toward him with a smirk playfully gracing his lips while sympathetically glancing towards the other players. Chaff's booming laugh makes her jump and Gloss' scowl is unmistakable; although Annie has not met any of them before, Finnick has stamped them with his approval so they might not be so terrifying. Finnick. She really should go check on him. When the announcer calls for a commercial break, promising a return after a few messages, Annie forgets all about the man in the bath. Instead, she focuses on the man on the television, crashing through the door of an apartment trimmed in gold with a thin blonde woman wrapped around his waist, peppering cherry coloured kisses along his neck. Annie doesn't have to see his face to recognize those wayward curls around the nape of his neck. All at once, it's as though she can't breathe. Her heart pounds as if it's threatening to break apart her rib cage so it can leap from her collapsing chest. Her gaze remains fixated on the screen as Finnick, dressed in a slim dress shirt, blazer and dark slacks, pivots and forces the strikingly beautiful young blonde against the wall. The blonde's back bows, making the blood red cocktail dress rise, while her ankles lock tightly around his lower back. A moan flows from her gaping mouth once his lips find the junction between her neck and jaw. Those long, bony fingers of hers sift through his gelled bronze locks, holding him securely to that spot he lavishes with fervor. Twisting the bedsheets between her trembling fingers, Annie feels her breathing begin to find it's natural rhythm again just as his lips dislodge from the woman's neck with a pop. Finnick's eyes flutter open under his lashes upon pressing his forehead to the woman's, bringing a sense of familiarity back to Annie. For a moment, it's as though he isn't looking at another woman, but at Annie with that soft, wide-eyed, inquiring gaze. The woman offers an exhausted