A/N: Well, this rewrite/sequel is as follows: readers wanted a sequel and I wanted to update Ice . In retrospect, it was pretty embarrassing and I have half a mind to go and delete it but I won't. It has its charming parts, I guess and it was my first fan fiction that I posted on the site. Anyways, I'm glad this sequel/rewrite happened because it is much longer than anything I have written and I feel my writing has improved so much. This is unedited as far as it should go. I mean, I wrote and typed the story but I haven't given it a final full read through. I'm just getting really tired with this fan fiction because I have been working on this fan fiction for so long. I will do the editing later, though. So anyways, if you happen to find any typing errors or any others for that matter, kindly let me know. Thanks. I hope this is a continuation of Ice in a way. Enjoy! Also of course, I do not own Hunger Games in any form and do not intend to make any profit whatsoever. I can see your head in the crowd Like the sun through the clouds You're always turning me inside out But it falls through the cracks in the glass When you move it too fast And the time it turns inside out But the mortal isn't lost on me I know I'll never see The light -Inside out , Andrew Austin Katniss' flitting eyes take in every tribute, and this she realizes makes her hold her breath. The other tributes – even though most of them haven't been fed properly – are bigger than her. She presses her lips together but she knows how to be hungry, how to distinguish between plants. She will survive, not just for Prim anymore but to show everyone else as well. The exceptions are those from the wealthier districts – the career tributes. She takes a step backward from their jarring eyes, almost bumps in to Peeta and slowly understands that the winner will be them this year. It happens every time. Suddenly, the urge for a bow and arrow to be in the games overwhelms her because even if she can use the other weapons, the bow and arrow belong to her. She looks up and locks eyes with the district two boy. He is a machine made for mass destruction and one of the few tributes here that scares her. He starts walking to ward her and Katniss curses herself. "Tell me something, 12," he says. He holds a knife in one hand and his lips pull back into a smirk. His eyes are fuzzy and dull (like just before a kill) and blue. She turns away from him and faces Peeta's eyes. "Are you afraid to die by any chance?" he drawls. Katniss lifts her face to his, sees Peeta stiffen in her peripheral vision and looks into his blue, blue eyes (they are colder that she imagined, she realizes with sickening clarity). She feels as if she is surrounded by water that wants to pull her over and drown her. She purses her lips and looks away. He snickers and is about to turn away when she calls out in a voice that scares him: "Aren't we all?" He turns back to her and there is a startling clarity in his eyes for a moment. It scares her, she realizes as goosebumps crawl along her flesh. ' Why?' she thinks. 'Because he is a monster.' She tells herself not to blink. She blinks anyways and the look in his eyes turn to stone. What a pity . His eyes narrow and her fingers twitch nervously. He opens his mouth to say something, sees the district two girl standing and watching them with an unreadable face and (finally) decides to leave. Peeta shoots her a curious look, his blue eyes wide (she tells herself his eyes are not the same shade as his). "What do you think he wanted?" Katniss pauses, choosing her words carefully: "I think he wanted to see if we were becoming a treat," she says slowly. "…are we?" She bites her tongue. "Not yet." Peeta nods, looks at the knots scattered around them and says in a careful voice, "would you like to finish the knots?". She nods. It takes her a minute to put the feel of the ropes against her palm, the delight of the new knot: one that would leave their competitor dangling by their feet and the disgust that followed after in the right order. She swallows the bile in her throat, presses her lips together and refuses to think of what would happen after. She sees a tribute dying by her hands. She shudders violently and tells herself to stop thinking. She ties the know with shaking fingers and Peeta glances at her. "You have to tighten it as you pull it through the loop," he says gently, quietly. She wants to seethe at him, to tell himself to stop playing this thing (whatever this thing they are playing at is), to stop being so kind because he can't possible mean it. He must mean to betray her later like some kind of fool she is. He wants to catch her off-guard, wants to- It dawns on her that he just sincerely wants to help. She bites her cheeks until she tastes the metallic taste of blood as he guides her hands. His hands are cool to the touch, she notices. She leans away. "Say we move on." His mouth presses downward as his eyes look away. Katniss, her grey eyes wide, nods. . . . Their next station is the camouflage one. Peeta's face lights up- it is a toxic relief from all the misery that is smothering them. He glances at her and whispers in excitement: "I do the cakes". Katniss frowns. "The cakes?" A crease appears between his eyebrows. "The cakes in the display? On new year's eve?" Katniss shifts her shoulders. She remembers Prim begging her to see the cakes – one of the few beauties in district 12. "Ahh, the cakes. What a useful skill frosting is." Peeta stops his design and says in a voice coated with steel: "Anything can happen in the games. You could find anything in the games." He continues working on his design with more force. Katniss looks at his design, a mass swirl of blueberry and leave stains hinting at forest with the light creeping through. She looks back at her own design: a pitiful clump of stains that could be mistaken for a forest with the light crippling the surroundings. Katniss tries, really hard to make her design look right but her focus keeps drifting to the other tributes, especially the careers. They have gone of to the most dangerous weapons. ' Of course, ' Katniss thinks cynically. The careers handle their weapons with such ease and precision that Katniss could almost call it graceful but these are the careers and nothing is graceful about them. Especially the boy from district two. She watches as he throws a spear from the twenty-meter mark. Step. Pull back arm. Throw. As always, the spear hits the dummy with such ease and carelessness that it scares Katniss. 'We will all have to throw away our humanity in the games,' she realizes with quiet horror as she turns her eyes away from the district two boy. She can still hear the sound the dummy makes when it is being ripped apart by the spear. There, she knows that that sound will haunt her dreams because it is so eerily similar when she kills the animals that keep her and her family alive. Gale's question ( how is it any different ) comes back to her mind and she just knows that the aftermath will bring her to her knees in a pathetic way. She glances back at the district two boy and he is still throwing spears. For a second, she imagines herself in the dummy's place -defenseless and so obviously on the verge of death -and her eyes widen (from fear?) because that could very well happen in the games. "Yes, it could but I won't let it," she mutters uncertainly to herself. She lifts her face to find the boy from district two watching her. His lips form a cruel smirk as if to say: " That is going to be you, fire girl. Better watch out." . . . She learns indirectly that his name is Cato (a killing machine). It sounds odd on her tongue when she says it like something holy. It sounds like a curse, like a name for a villain in those pretentious stories Prim is always begging her to read. It tastes like power. Katniss wonders if he knows her name as well. She hopes he does. . . . It is the last day of training, and finally the day of their private session with the game makers. Katniss fidgets with her hands as all the tributes head out to lunch. As usual the careers gather around one table while the other tributes stoically sit spread out with their district partners. It seems to Katniss that the more distance between the other tributes, the better it is because then it is easier to dismiss the tributes as human. She hates the feeling of guilt that rains down on her and tries brushing it away but the mood suffocates her. A little voice in the back of her head hisses: "the careers at least recognize the tributes as human." She glances at the career's table just to burn away her curiosity and sees Cato recounting something. His hands move dramatically and there are snickers from the group every now and then Everything is set about him like a puppet on a string except for his eyes. They resemble a prey's when a predator is closing in on them. They look like the hunted. His eyes are the ones of a prey who knows it is going to die. It scares her because those should be her eyes, and not his She purses her lips and looks away, and finally notices the silence. Cato had finished recounting his story and the silence strangles her, almost silently demanding an answer. She turns her head to Peeta as if to catch her breath. She sees Peeta stiffen, sees how his shoulders have rolled in as if to protect himself. She sees a frown on his lips that pull downwards like a never ending spiral. Katniss can guess what he is thinking about, what every tribute is thinking about: scores. ' Scores are everything so I should- ' "You should try to shoot straight," Peeta mumbles. "You should"- she forces herself to look at him in his eyes and it sickens her that his eyes are only a few shades lighter than Cato's – "try to lift really heavy stuff." He narrows his eyes like there is something wrong with what she said but he closes his eyes and turns away. She bites her lips and the comparison between Cato and Peeta is making her sick with fear. Suddenly, she has the need to see Cato's eyes or else she will lose herself. She looks up and catches Cato's eyes. He mimes the gesture of cutting a throat and she feels herself burning. It is as if her very soul is on fire. She leans toward the direction of Cato, and her hand reaches forward. It is as she is trying to save herself because Cato is ice. His soul is frozen in ice. Her soul is burning from fire. They are the fools that would get themselves killed with their own souls. Peeta gently takes her arm and there is a soothing relief that gently spreads through her soul. She looks at him and it is as