A Sensational Story Disclaimer: Recognizable portions in this chapter have been taken from Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, by J.K. Rowling. I neither own nor intend to make any profit from the use of Harry Potter and the associated characters of the series, in my story. Chapter 1: Dumbledore The Worst Birthday 'You know what? I've changed my mind.' It was Friday evening, and the Gryffindors were lounging in their common room after a rather hectic day, made especially more so given the greatest shake-up that Hogwarts had had for her staff in generations. Ron and Hermione looked at Harry. 'Come again?' said Ron. 'I've changed my mind,' repeated Harry. 'Finally!' grinned Fred. 'We've been telling you to get a new one for ages, mate!' said George. Harry glared half-heartedly at them, but he was saved from reprimanding the Weasley twins by the fierce stare of Ginny, which caused them to immediately shut their mouths. 'What have you changed your mind about?' asked Hermione interestedly. 'I know I told Madam Bones to have a look at the other books,' began Harry; immediately, the rest of them perked up curiously, 'but I think we should continue with a public reading of the rest.' They stared at him. 'You-you want the rest of the books to be read out loud?' asked Ginny slowly. 'In public? In front of everyone?' 'Well, usually that's what a public reading means, Gin-Gin,' said Fred, a mischievous smile creeping up on his face, but another glare from Ginny quelled it instantly. 'Why not? It'll be better if everyone gets to know what exactly happened in the last few years at Hogwarts. Not all the books, mind you,' added Harry, 'just the ones that cover everything that's already happened.' 'But Harry –' said Hermione uncertainly, as she worried her bottom lip. 'Won't it seem like you're actually – erm – actively seeking attention? Not that you are, of course,' she hastened to add, 'but it doesn't really paint a good picture of you. And you saw what it did to the school and Dumbledore.' 'This is different, Hermione,' insisted Harry. 'If the rest of them are anything like the first book, they'll contain loads of details and events that need to be known by everyone.' He paused as Hermione considered that, and then said, 'Especially our third year.' Ron's eyes widened from his position on the armchair. 'That's actually a good idea, you know,' he said. 'And – wait, think of what the second book would do for Lucius Malfoy!' Harry nodded in agreement. 'We'd be able to conclusively prove that he slipped that diary to Ginny.' Ginny paled at the mention of the diary, as memories from her disastrous first year flooded back to her. 'That'll show…that'll show everything that happened, wouldn't it?' she whispered fearfully. Harry turned to look at her; she looked so small and scared all of a sudden; he was tempted to pull her into a comforting hug, but instead settled on wrapping his arm around her and squeezing her shoulder reassuringly. 'I know it's a lot to ask for, but Lucius Malfoy can finally be charged for giving you a dangerous magical item. The Ministry would have to take note of it, especially after the ruckus they kicked up with the Mirror of Erised.' 'It's just…' said Ginny, her brown eyes wide and bright. 'I don't want everyone to know…' 'I promise,' said Harry earnestly, and it seemed to everyone in the vicinity that he really meant it, 'the only thing that people will know is that Voldemort tried to control you, but you fought back, and won.' 'With a little help from your childhood hero, of course,' chipped in George, and promptly received a thump on the back of his head from Hermione. 'Ouch!' 'Shush!' Ginny looked around at the five others seated next to her, and felt a sudden rush of gratitude towards all of them – her family, and her friends. She gave a weak grin, and that was as good a start as anything. Plus, it might just help her to get over those horrendous events once and for all. 'But, Harry –' said Hermione again, 'the Polyjuice, Harry! And Lockhart – and Aragog! D'you think the Ministry would just sit back and listen to all of it without doing anything?' Harry opened his mouth to speak, but he was beaten to it by Ron. 'What can they do – arrest us? Not bloody likely,' he said sagely. 'We can always make the same deal that we made with Umbridge for the first book – we'll finish it, and then let them take whatever action they want to.' 'That's a risky play, little bro,' pointed out Fred. 'Yeah, you don't know how they might react to whatever did happen that year,' agreed George. 'It'll be worth it,' said Harry firmly. 'Look, I realise there could be complications with this plan, but it'll reveal so much more. Plus, it'll put a lot of rumours of those years to rest by confirming an accurate version of events – and we all know what people did when they didn't have an accurate version to rely upon,' he finished darkly. No one needed Harry to repeat that statement: their entire year up to last Saturday had been proof of it. 'And how will you convince Professor McGonagall about the need for this reading?' asked Hermione. Ron frowned a bit at that, but Harry was ready with a reply. 'The truth – with this reading, we could convict Lucius Malfoy of giving the diary to Ginny. They wouldn't say no to it, not with Malfoy's current position in the Ministry and with Voldemort.' 'Well, I suppose…' said Hermione, but she still seemed uncertain. 'You've unbelievable, you are,' said Harry, shaking his head. He turned to Ron. 'What do you think?' 'I'm all for it, Harry,' said Ron with a wide grin. 'Anything to catch Malfoy would do – plus we can vindicate Sirius as well.' 'We're in too, Harry,' said Fred enthusiastically. 'Just in case you were wondering,' added George with a nod. Harry turned to Ginny, who smiled at him. 'Let's just get this over with.' The following Monday morning dawned bright and clear. The atmosphere in the Great Hall resembled that of the first day of Hogwarts for most of the students – for the first time in several years, they were about to have lessons with different teachers; and despite their outwardly grumbling attitude towards their classes, the majority of the students were secretly quite interested and eagerly anticipating their new professors. All of those hopes came crashing down when Professor McGonagall rose from her chair in the middle of the staff table and made her announcement. 'Attention, please,' she called out, and the noise levels in the Great Hall died down at once. 'Following on from the events of last week, and based on discussions that the Hogwarts staff has had with the Department of Magical Law Enforcement of the Ministry of Magic, we have decided to continue with the public reading of the next book –' 'There's more than one?' came a shout from someone in the Hall. Professor McGonagall gave a stern look at the source of the interruption, before continuing. 'Yes, there is more than one book. All of us believe that this would be beneficial in more ways than one – not least in putting some extremely outlandish and, should I say ridiculous, rumours to bed, regarding the events of prior years.' Harry noted, with a small amount of amusement, that the Hogwarts Headmistress was repeating what Hermione had provided as a plausible explanation for the public reading, almost verbatim. They had had a surprisingly easy time convincing Professors McGonagall, Snape and Dumbledore about the need for a public reading for the subsequent books. Naturally, they had all agreed that the true objective of this public reading – to get Lucius Malfoy out of the picture – was not to be revealed to anybody at all. It seemed to work, however: there were a lot of students shifting in their seats and looking slightly guilty when the rumours were brought up. Harry shook his head in resignation – the wizarding world could be so gullible at times. Honestly, strangling a Basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets with his bare hands? 'Due to this, we have decided to cancel all morning classes, for the next three days,' said Professor McGonagall. 'We aim to finish this by lunch-time on Wednesday, with your co-operation.' Whispers sounded around the Hall at the mention of classes being cancelled, again. Some of the older students looked particularly worried – with the N.E.W.T.s coming up, they needed every minute they could get to revise their subjects. They did not, however, want to miss the public reading, not when it seemed so important for both the Hogwarts staff and the Ministry. Their concerns were assuaged, however, by a rather magnanimous gesture by the Ministry, when McGonagall announced that the N.E.W.T.s and the O.W.L.s would be postponed to a later date – yet to be determined, apparently – based on the ramifications of these public readings. 'Very well, then,' said McGonagall. She clapped her hands, and the doors to the Great Hall opened, allowing entry for Madam Bones and her Auror entourage. They took their seats at a table near the staff table, where just a week earlier, Fudge and his colleagues had sat. 'Good morning, Amelia,' greeted McGonagall. 'Good morning, Minerva,' boomed Madam Bones, her loud voice echoing across the Hall. 'Shall we begin?' 'Yes, of course,' replied McGonagall. 'We shall proceed in order of seniority, as before. Professor Dumbledore, if you would please.' She turned to the former Headmaster of Hogwarts School – the only one to hold such a title while still alive – and handed him a colourful hard-backed book, not unlike the first book that had been read last week. 'The title of this book,' called McGonagall as she passed the book to her colleague, 'is Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets .' There were definitely a few hushed gasps this time, along with the buzz that filled the hall at McGonagall's words. The events surrounding the Chamber of Secrets were known to most of the students and staff; unfortunately, it had been embellished so much that no one was quite sure what had exactly happened. But it was definitely certain that that year – with the attacks and the constant threat – was one of the worst years at Hogwarts. Dumbledore cleared his throat, catching everyone's attention. 'Thank you, Professor McGonagall,' he said kindly. Then, he flipped open the book, and began reading out the first chapter. ' Chapter 1: The Worst Birthday. ' Not for the first time, an argument had broken out over breakfast at number four, Privet Drive.' 'Oh yeah, I remember that argument,' sighed Harry. 'What was it about?' asked Ginny. 'Uncle Vernon had locked up Hedwig almost immediately after I'd gotten back from school for the holidays. She'd woken him up in the morning, and well…he's not exactly a morning person.' Ginny patted his arm sympathetically. The reactions of the Dursleys to Harry's use of the word "magic" seemed quite over the top, but amusing too – especially the description of Dudley and his enormous size. Given that Harry's uncle had actually threatened to "stomp the magic out of him" before his first year had begun, his irrational fear of the mention of magic and anything to do with the wizarding world came as a surprise to no one in the Great Hall. There were, however, more than a handful of people who knew exactly how Harry had felt about missing Hogwarts – after all was said and done, their school was still a wonderful place. ' What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place in the house Quidditch team because he hadn't practised all summer?' read Dumbledore