Hello all my honeys! Happy New Year! This is a surprise update for the first day of 2015! For those of you behind me in the time zones, I suppose it only counts as a December 31st post for you. However, there is literally twenty minutes for me before its 12 AM and the clocks switchover into the New Year. Oh goody, I'm hoping to start 2015 off with a bang and here you have it…my firecracker bang. Arctic Ice: Neptune's Blessing is an idea I've been toying with for a long while now, I know it's quite dark in taste but it's got my Percy Jackson & The Olympian OTP with a vibrant twist. I'm taking some liberties with Neptune in this, giving him a different appearance because Dionysus and several other gods appeared in two forms throughout the Heroes Of Olympus. This is how I envision his Roman Aspect. Anyways, please heed the warnings I am placing for this Two-shot…there will be quite a bit. Arctic Ice: Neptune's Blessing contains: M/M Lemons, Incest, Heavy Angst, Dark Fic, Near Death experience, Canon Deviation at the end of second book (The Son Of Neptune), Father x Son Pairing, Canon setting and some liberties with the facts…like gods can interfere in their demigod children's lives and so forth. It deals with Heavy taboo themes so please be careful not to ignore the warnings . The set pairing is: Neptune ( Ποσειδῶν ) x Perseus ( Περσεύς ) Other than that, I don't think I have any more notes. I'm exhausted since I worked almost too fast to get this done. May my honeys have a blessed New Year and I hope you look forward to all that's to come. There is still much for me to do, so please enjoy the start of something new…my Bleach, Heroes of Olympus and Percy Jackson filled 2015: Arctic Ice: Neptune's Blessing To the north, beyond the gods, lies the legion's crown. Falling from ice, the Son Of Neptune shall drown… Darkness. A heavy miasma of swirling black was encompassing the vast turbulent waters of Disenchantment Bay. Dazed sea-green eyes gazing mournfully at the weak Alaskan sun that filtered dim shafts of light through an inky, ice cold and sub-zero saltwater grave as the delayed ebb and flow of the tides dragged a numb body straight towards the bottom of the ocean floor that reached into uncountable, inescapable, depths below. As far as Percy Jackson could tell, he knew that he would find his death somewhere at 60 Degrees, 18 Minutes, 50 Seconds North and 139 Degrees, 22 minutes, 15 Seconds West. Not because his father's gift to breathe underwater had failed him, but because the shock of the cold was eating away at his fading consciousness with an alarming rate. Large spots of black were dancing into the edges of his vision, all thoughts of rationality fleeing his mind as the young Demigod battled to focus on anything except the extreme exhaustion that was weighing down heavy limbs and struggling breaths that strained painfully in desperately heaving lungs. Keeping himself dry seemed like an impossible task when his concentration was completely overcome though, the arctic temperatures seeping frosty tendrils into far too thin clothes as it hastened the onset of hypothermia and brought forth several uncontainable tremors across pale skin. An unannounced dizziness was also flooding the depths of a confused awareness, numb fingers loosening unwittingly around Riptide's balanced hilt as Percy watched, helpless and unable to grasp onto reality; the Twelfth Legion Eagle Standard floating from his left hand as it shot spidery arcs of light blue into the dark ocean surrounding him. The deadly pennant was sending thousands of volts of pure electricity through his bloodstream, assaulting a wavering consciousness with heady shocks that were amplified in the presence of water as the last few days of a confused, upturned-and-erased, life flashed before sea-green eyes and an erratically racing heart slowed notably in his chest beat by beat. Summoning a hurricane, expending a vast amount of strength to call the ocean up through the thick ice of the Hubbard Glacier and sacrificing himself to protect Hazel and Frank had left the sixteen-year-old Son Of Neptune drifting aimlessly beneath the waves without an ounce of strength to help himself rise to the surface or find a way back to safety. Not that there would be anything to rise to, he reminded himself belatedly. He had shattered a good chunk of the glacier to pieces with his power so that he could drag the shades into the void with him. This was it , his soul whispered quietly. He had reached the end of his rope, knowing that he had at least given his a friends a chance to survive their plight even if they were up against a giant by themselves. Having faith that they would succeed was the only thing that kept green eyes open, the Demigod's heart refusing to submit to the scant possibility that his fading breaths would die here aimlessly in the Arctic ocean unknown and forgotten by the gods he was descendant from. No, they would survive. He knew they would. It was their fate to do many great things, pure gut instinct told him so. And even when that same instinct told him he would survive this some way or the other too , Percy didn't want to get his hopes up too high. All his strength had left him in a rush, the ocean dragging him down with a heavy weight he had never felt before as he could only gaze yearningly at the bubbles of air reaching towards the shafts of light whilst he disappeared further into the darkness below. Strangely, he was not panicked by the outcome of his fate. Sad, perhaps, that he would not be able to know the mother he had seen in brief snippets of regained memory and Tyson's childlike innocence towards his older brother. But not afraid. Maybe it was because when he concentrated hard enough, he could feel the slow and rhythmic tides surrounding his form as it enveloped him in a sense of deep peace and yielding instinct. It was just like the heartbeat of the ocean, a steady cadence of marching fate that momentarily convinced him his father, Neptune, was influencing the awe-inspiring might of the sea across the globe…even so very far removed from the land of the gods. Hissing softly in strain when the loss of his wavering consciousness influenced the control over his power, Percy felt his breath halting in his lungs as the touch of the water suddenly soaked through his clothes completely and erased the small barrier of protection he had possessed against the freezing depths. It was searing across his skin like a fire of ice, numbing and narrowing down his perception to the unimaginable explosion of pain that imploded his heart as he gasped a deep breath in the hopes that it would settle his growing anguish. It was a mistake though, it didn't do much of anything…only increased the influence of his pain all the more. Becoming like the sensation of breathing fine shards of ice, sharper and harsher than glass, his lungs heaved with pure shock as the first rush of salty water flooded his mouth without consent. Bathed in the encompassing and bleak light of the arctic ocean, he could no longer feel the familiar weight of Anaklusmos in his hand regardless of his best attempts to never let the weapon drift far from his fingertips. He couldn't remember exactly how he had obtained the sword or from whom, his memories were still cruelly and unfairly locked away from him. But he knew, somehow, that it had been an important gift from his father…just like he could vividly recall the sensation of a warm smile, intense sea-green eyes, black hair and a large trident whenever he thought of the godly being who had sired him. Had he met the God Of The Sea before his memories had been sealed away? Did Neptune acknowledge him as a son or was what Frank had said about gods not meeting their demigod children true? Percy didn't know what to believe anymore, he only had the barest hint of a 'sensation' guiding him through this quest after all. And bouts of knowledge and pure instinct he did not recall how he had gained in the first place. Shouldn't he be angry at Neptune? Or was his father Poseidon, Greek instead of Roman? There were so many question that were left without an answer, all of them rushing into the forefront of his mind despite the black haired teen knowing it was unlikely they'd ever get acknowledged. It was almost impossible to move now, he noted. He couldn't breathe either because water was filling his lungs as he clamped his hand over his mouth and struggled to prevent himself from inhaling brackish water instinctively. Black shadows were converging at the edge of his vision, his heartrate dropping another notch as the underwater world blurred alarmingly around him. The light of the surface seemed so very far above him, like a beautiful dream out of reach as he uselessly threw elegant fingertips towards the shafts of turquoise coloured light that reflected through shattered chunks of blue-white ice. This land; so harsh, cold and deadly to all was utterly beautiful with its isolated whiteness even in the bleakest depths of its ocean, the sixteen-year-old stubbornly holding onto the last of his consciousness as he fitfully tried to call upon the currents that were swirling restlessly beneath him. It was no use, the familiar tug in the pit of his stomach refused to respond to anything. He had used too much power, sacrificed too much of himself for others and now he was paying the price for it. Despite it all, there was the barest hint of a smile touching petal pink lips as the last of a hazed vision became partially concealed by the weightless sensation of messy black hair floating like a halo around his head and a soothing, lilting, peace that encompassed every beat of his slowing heart. There was only one regret twisting anxiously through the pit of his stomach, the fact the he had never gotten a chance to apologize to those whom he'd left behind and the memories he'd never be able to acknowledge himself. Who was he really? What had he accomplished? Had he ever done anything that his family could be proud of? Ah, but it didn't really matter anymore. The world was spinning in alarming circles around him, his thoughts abruptly shattered by a heaving cough that nearly forced all the bubbles of air from his lungs as he clenched his eyes shut and whispered a sincere prayer to the only being that he hoped would be able to hear him. I beseech thee Father, release me. Unlock my memories, unburden my heart so that I may know who I am before death. In return, I yield my soul to your domain only, Lord Neptune, so that I may serve your court at your whimsy. The Fates may bear witness to my fall, Lord Of The Sea. But unto you I, Perseus, Son Of Poseidon, grant my last mortal breath… A flood of uncontained words were echoing deafeningly through a fading soul, sea-green eyes lidding half-mast behind heavy eyelids as Percy struggled to recall how he had known that prayer. It had simply flowed up like a torrent within him, breaking across his skin in a collision of emotions he had thought he had forgotten as his back finally came to rest on the soft silt at the bottom of Disenchantment Bay. He was only vaguely aware of Riptide throwing up a muddy cloud several meters to his right, the golden eagle standard burrowing in the sand a little further away as a sudden flash of lightning blinded dazed eyes for several seconds of intense