Hello all my honeys, I know that it's been a while since I've updated but I'm taking a little break from my Bleach works to write for Percy Jackson instead. I've decided that I need a little change for now. I ask that my new readers please know that I've only read up until the 5th book: Percy Jackson And The Last Olympian and this story is based right after that. I haven't yet had the time to read The Heroes Of Olympus so it is only Canon up until the last book, the rest is deviation from the plot and a slight AU setting. For those who don't know me, I welcome you to the worlds that I love to create. I usually only write for obscure pairings so I ask that you please heed my warnings that I will list below: Poseidon's Pride: Descendant Of The Sea contains: M/M Lemons, Heavy Angst, Character Death in passing mention, set right after the 5th book . Hurt/Comfort, Partially AU setting, Deviation from the Plot, Incest, Father x Son pairing, Taboo subjects and a Two-Part Update . Meaning Part 1 is the introductory chapter, Part 2 will contain the main body of the story and will have 8000 - 10 000 words when I finish. My writing, as a warning, is intensely descriptive, please don't tell me to 'lessen' my prose. The set pairing is : Poseidon ( Ποσειδῶν ) x Perseus ( Περσεύς ) I don't know Greek honeys, so please do not point out my mistakes. I only work with online translators to give a more authentic feel to my writing, it's one of my signatures when writing. Poseidon's Pride: Περσεύς: Απόγονος της Θάλασσας (1*) December 21st, Winter Solstice of the year 2014. The biannual gathering of the Olympian Council was echoing unusually with the sounds of contented laughter, merriment and joy as the frosted cold of a New York winter never once touched the golden city that was suspended high in the clouds above the shimmering, multi-coloured lights of the Empire State Building. Nothing seemed to abate the celebration that was taking place on Olympus, the gods pleased enough to let the usual bickering of the Council dissolve and sweep aside all previous rivalries, blood feuds and arguments for several hours unburned by regular duties. Setting aside the worldly troubles that had plagued them throughout the past year, the passing hours were becoming a rare but welcome relief to the hard work and primordial disagreements that created chaos at every turn. The celebrations had started the exact moment that midnight had struck, the vibrant palaces alight with the flames of large burning braziers as the main temple became a central gathering point for gods, goddesses, godlings and several other immortal beings lucky enough to have been invited. Many of them were swaying to the music of the nine muses, care freely indulging their appetites with every imaginable food and drink that had been made available and enjoying the various representations of Ambrosia and Nectar that was present as well…all of which that was being consumed along with the delectable taste of Dionysus' finest and sweetest wines. A celebrations of the gods ; there was nothing in mortal existence to compare it to, it was said, and being enveloped in the mere presence of an Olympian celebration was thought to be enough to bring fulfilment to even the bitterest and darkest of hearts. However, for Percy Jackson, it was nothing more than a screeching din that served to magnify the isolation and emotional upheaval that he already felt. It did not do much to soothe away the concerns racing through his mind or distract his heart from the restless impulsiveness that had been stirred to life deep inside the depths of his immortal soul. It had been several long years since the Great Prophecy had been fulfilled on his sixteenth birthday, the fall of the Titan Lord, Kronos, having brought a bitter end to the pain and loss that had stained Camp Half-Blood for the four brief years that Percy had attended there. Intense sea-green eyes were now glowing unnaturally bright with the turmoil of the vast oceans, his rank as Poseidon's Lieutenant, marking the black haired teen as a god in his own right. He was no longer the Half-Blood Demigod from before, he was Perseus and had willingly accepted the offer that Zeus had generously made to him after Kronos's defeat. He didn't know why exactly, but he had been possessed an intense need to stay connected to at least one half of his family for eternity mere moments after witnessing his best friend's life fade away before his eyes. Perhaps he had been shattered by the sight, leaving him incapable of finding the usual defiance to refuse the gift and anger the King Of Gods even more than his mere presence alive had. However, recalling the events of night, where he had seen Annabeth take her last breath and Luke sacrifice himself in regret, was something that Percy really did not enjoy remembering so vividly. There had been so much anguish, hatred and helplessness that if the Son of Hermes had not chosen to take his own life and drag Kronos down with him, the Son of Poseidon was sure that he would have been the one responsible for tearing down Olympus stone by stone. Even though Luke had shown true valour in the end, he had still hosted the Titan Lord in his own body and nearly destroyed everything that the gods stood for over three thousand years. The Great Prophecy, it seemed, had finally come to fruition as it had said it would over the seventy years since it had been spoken. The price that had been paid for its fulfilment though, had been heavy with destruction, despair, loss, regret and pain. So many had died, so much blood had stained the teen's hands that he was more suited to be called the son of Ares than the son of Poseidon. But as a mournful sigh drifted from parted petal pink lips, the eternal sixteen-year-old recalled the words that Chiron had recounted to him the first day that he had awoken at Camp Half-Blood. 'Immortality is horribly depressing at times'. It was indeed and Percy wondered if it had made a grave mistake in accepting it, sometimes he truly regretted having been faced with the decision right after witnessing his best friend's death. Despite his mother's blessing and his father's presence close by for the first time in his life, the last eight years were filled with just as many days of enjoyment as it was with equal misery. It had taken him a long time just to get used to the idea of staying alive forever and executing the numerous duties that was expected of a god. It wasn't as easy as it looked and sometimes the former Demigod struggled to comprehend the tasks that were expected of him. One of the high points, however, was that he was close to his half-brother most days. Tyson had been visiting Atlantis often over the past years to help rebuild their father's destroyed palace. He was sadly the only family member besides Poseidon that the black haired teen could talk to. The hatred that he was shown by his new 'stepmother' and 'stepbrother', would have been quite distressing if Percy had possessed the ability to care. But he didn't. All that he truly needed sometimes was the caressing touch of the ocean's waves to ease away the fears that were constantly dragging on his consciousness and threatened to tear him apart from the inside out. Along with the undue jealousy and contempt that he was shown by some of the gods on Olympus, it was perhaps best not to dwell too deeply on the subject. Perseus Jackson had always had an uncommon knack for pissing off the immortals, even before he had turned sixteenth and become their chosen Hero. Zeus still wouldn't allow him to travel by air, he had already had several nasty lightning bolt surprises to testify to that fact. A bitter chuckle was tumbling unexpectedly passed full lips, sea-green eyes glancing upwards at the thick shadow that had fallen over his shoulders a few minutes ago. Isolated and alone in his dark moods, the young god's brooding thoughts could quite literally create heavy storm clouds of despair to weigh him down from above. As the Son of Poseidon: the Stormbringer, King of Atlantis, Father Of Horses, the Earthshaker and God Of The Sea; creating storms, hurricanes, earthquakes and tempests out of thin air was not something that Percy was completely unfamiliar with. His power may not be on the same level of his godly parent but the range of his influence and rising skill had been growing exponentially over the last few years. According to Poseidon, his favourite son had been a formidable force to reckon with even before he had been granted immortality. Strange though, how that made even some of the minor gods afraid of him now… He often wondered if it was because he carried the curse of Achilles or if they feared him for the chaos that he had nearly plunged the world into. Not quite liking the fact that he would be scorned further if he lost control of the brewing clouds growing darker in the sky, a lithe frame stood from the golden steps of the main temple where he had been sitting idly for the last hour. Absently casting his gaze over the jubilant forms of his godly kin, Percy easily recognized some of the older and younger Half-Blood campers that were mixed in with a large crowd dressed in modern clothes, tradition togas, chitons and even battle armour. A familiar head of spiky black hair and electric blue eyes caught his attention several seconds later, Artemis' lieutenant turning towards him with a wave before Thalia immersed herself in the crowd to enjoy the festivities without further interruption. There was a concerned frown thrown in his direction as their eyes collided, but Percy quickly broke her gaze before she could realize something was wrong and he could possibly burden the daughter of Zeus with the restless emotions that were brewing darkly in the pit of his stomach. Absently draining a goblet of wine to distract himself for a few minutes, sea-green eyes watched the chalice disappear in a shower of light at his command as white sneaker clad feet headed towards the empty bridge with set determination and carefully controlled footsteps. Out of the corner of his eye, he caught a brief glimpse of his father's tall frame. The Big Three and several other Olympians had not yet returned to their human sized forms, their awe inspiring presence was towering over the celebrations as they engaged in conversation and merriment despite the arguments that should have erupted long before now. One could never have so many gods in one place without old rivalries and family feuds flaring dangerously. It simply wasn't possible and before the night was over, Percy was sure that something would go wrong somewhere. Not that it concerned him too much but it was usually the three brothers that ended up sorting out the mess, if they hadn't been the ones who had caused it in the first place. Shivering unexpectedly at a gust of wind that swirled restlessly around his form, Percy turned his attention back to elevator as he missed mirroring sea-green eyes that followed his early departure with quiet concern and a subtle frown. The son of Poseidon didn't think that it was a good idea if he lost control of himself here, he'd never be forgiven for ruining the 'party' and he really didn't want his Dad to get blamed for it unfairly. It wouldn't be the first time that Percy had seen a fight between his uncle and father, it wouldn't be the last either but it