Searing pain ripped through Draco Malfoy's arm, burning and tearing and ripping his very skin apart; the Hogwarts infirmary filled with a scent remarkably akin to burnt meat. He gritted his teeth and glared daggers at the nurse across from him. "Bloody hell, you might as well just cut the damn thing off," he ground out. Madame Pomfrey tisked at him, but didn't cease her wand's movements. Up and down. Up and down. Draco resisted the urge to snatch his arm back from her horrid grasp. "You're asking me to do something nearly impossible, Mr. Malfoy," she admonished him. "I'd expect you to be a little more thankful." Draco wanted nothing more to simply stand up and say, "I'm keeping the fucking mark. You and Dumbledore can sod right off." but even he understood that simply wasn't an option: for him to continue his seventh year and be safe from the Death Eaters and their insatiable thirst for blood-his blood-he had to lose the mark. He wished desperately it could have been a one time session with Pomfrey, but they weren't sure how long it would take or how many sessions. He might have to do this every week for the rest of the bloody year. Just thinking about it gave him a headache. The pain suddenly ceased, leaving a spot of throbbing soreness on his forearm. The plump nurse studied her progress, Draco's gaze following her own as she scanned his forearm. The mark's twisted serpent and gaunt skull remained as starkly black as ever; it didn't look the slightest bit different! All that pain…for nothing?! Hot rage flooded through him and he sprung from his stool, sweeping up his robe in the process. "Mr. Malfoy! We're not-" Pomfrey started, but he was already storming toward the exit. "I'm done! I will not sit here and be tortured for the rest of the school year because you lack the skill to free me from this-" as he threw open the door he ran directly into a body, stumbling back. Books hit the floor with a loud clatter, landing in a messy heap. "Malfoy! I'd highly encourage you look where you go before you dash out into the hallway like a madman." Hermione Granger huffed at him as she smoothed down her robes and attempted to collect herself. "Fuck off, Granger," he snarled and pushed roughly past her. Hermione glared at his back as he retreated. Her face burned with a mixture of rage and embarrassment as she collected her books from the dusty stone floor. "Oh dear," Madame Pomfrey sighed and moved to help Hermione pick up the rest of her books. "Looks like it'll be a rough couple of months with Mr. Malfoy." Hermione glanced sharply at the kind-faced woman. "What do you mean? Why do you need Malfoy for a few months?" She asked. Pomfrey's mouth drew into a tight line. She had already said too much. "That is for Dumbledore and I to know, Miss Hermione." Hermione's brain began working overtime, trying to think of any reason as to why the pureblood prat would need to visit the infirmary for any reason. Was he sick? He looked fine. Terminally ill? Impossible, his parents would never let him be treated by a school nurse. He'd be in Saint Mungo's, being treated by the best doctors money could buy. Her mouth opened, her head overflowing with questions when Madame Pomfrey cut her off: "Now, what did you need from me at this hour of the night?" Hermione suddenly remembered her original mission; the books in her arms felt as though they weighed two tons. Her cheeks burned as she spoke up. "I was wondering if I could ask you about something," she whispered, her eyes darting around the hallway, wary of any eavesdroppers. "Something...personal." A knowing look dawned on the elderly woman's face. She smiled and gestured for one of her favorite students to follow her into the infirmary as she walked to her desk. "I'm assuming this is about your cycle," Pomfrey said, lowering herself into her seat as Hermione delicately settled onto the very edge of the wooden chair across the desk. She quickly nodded in confirmation. She couldn't help the blush from creeping down to her neck; she'd never been one to discuss such things so openly. Ginny and the other girls on the quidditch team had had no qualms, brazenly complaining about cramps and ruined undergarments... but for some reason she simply couldn't. She took a long look at the woman across from her, with her kind eyes and her fluffy grey hair; Madame Pomfrey had always reminded Hermione of her Grandmother. So, she told herself, she had no reason to feel uncomfortable talking about this. This woman had undoubtedly given womanly advice to hundreds and hundreds of girls over her numerous years at Hogwarts. "My cycle is highly irregular," the brown haired witch said, "sometimes I can't even get out of bed due to severe cramps, or I nearly pass out on my way to class because of blood loss." She fiddled with the end of her skirt, forcing herself to look Madame Pomfrey in the eye. "My mother and Molly Weasley have taken me several times to St. Mungo's over the summer, and regardless of the potion, enchantment, or spell they prescribed, nothing worked." The woman listened intently as Hermione recited all of the Medical Aurors she had visited by heart, as well as the specific prescriptions given to her. As Hermione reached the end of her lengthy list, a thought occurred to the older witch. "And what about muggle medicines?" She asked, "I hear they have a pill that's nearly as effective as our potions." "We have also tried that. I assure you, nothing seems to work for me," Hermione sighed in frustration and leaned back in her seat. She gestured to the stack of textbooks on the desk. "I've been spending hours studying these and researching everything that I can in order to attempt to create my own form of magical birth control. Perhaps something specific to my hormones and my body. I can't keep missing class because my reproductive glands are out of sorts, it is unacceptable. My marks will suffer!" Madame Pomfrey couldn't help but smile. "I doubt that your grades will ever know true suffering, Miss Granger. Top of your class, brightest witch of your age, and not to mention… Hogwarts Head Girl!" Hermione's insides warmed at the praise, as they always did. A smile tugged at her lips. "Nonetheless," she continued, "I'm tired of falling ill and being held back by my own body's ineptitude at being a proper body. That's why I was wondering if you would help me brew my own potion. If you would be willing to help me- that is. I just simply wouldn't want to come to anyone else but you for this." A wide smile stretched across the older woman's face. "Of course, dear. We can meet however often you need in order to fix this. Although we will have to meet at night, since such potions can only be brewed in moonlight." Hermione could have jumped for joy and thrown her arms around the sweet nurse. "However my dear, I do have to wonder if you're so passionate about this because you have a special boy you want to spend time with-" "Madame Pomfrey!" Hermione squealed in horror. "I'm only teasing, Miss Granger, only teasing." . . . A week later, Draco Malfoy found himself on the same stool with the same nurse hunched over his dark mark, muttering the same incantations under her and also, of course, the same bloody pain. He clenched and unclenched his fist in a vain attempt to dull the bite. He wanted nothing more than to go back to his dormitory. He wished he could simply tell her that he had better things to do, but that would be a lie. His friends had turned their backs on him after he betrayed the Dark Lord; he was alone...he didn't even have quidditch anymore. All he could do was focus on his homework and wander the hallways and passages of the castle. The dungeons, which had once felt like his home, felt claustrophobic and cold those days. He was more silent this time around, only mutedly hissing in pain when Pomfrey was particularly aggressive with her wand-work. After it was over, he trudged to the exit without saying a word to the older witch. When he opened the door he was surprised to discover Hermione Granger waiting just outside. At first glance, she struck him as awkward and quiet, not like her normal insufferable self at all. She avoided his gaze, as if he had caught her doing something she shouldn't be doing. It occurred to him that this is the second time he had ran into her here, and his eyes narrowed in suspicion. "What are you doing here, Granger?" He asked coldly, studying her appearance for some hint of her purpose. Her hair seemed only slightly disheveled, a few strands having escaped her hair tie to hang loosely by her face. Draco caught himself wondering how long she had been wearing it tied back before reminding himself that he did not in fact care. "Why does it even concern you, Malfoy?" The brown-eyed girl snapped, drawing him out of his speculations. "It doesn't," he retorted, rolling his eyes as he stepped past her and into the corridor. "And what are you doing here, Malfoy?!" Hermione called after him. "Why does it even concern you?" He mocked, not bothering to look back at her. Bollocks, he had her there. She huffed and spun on her heel, deciding she wasn't going to spend another second thinking about Draco Malfoy. It was a waste of time. As she entered the infirmary, Madame Pomfrey glanced over at her warmly, calling out a greeting as she removed a cauldron from her storage closet for their brewing session. "Ready to get started?" The nurse quipped. Pushing all thoughts of certain blonde haired Slytherin boys from her head, the brightest witch of her age rolled up her sleeves. "Ready!" . . . The second Draco stepped into the dungeons' common room, all conversation ceased. Ignoring the glares from the scattered Slytherins doing homework in the green silk chairs and couches, the young Malfoy strode to his chambers; he was exhausted. He despaired at the idea that every single healing session would drain him like this; he didn't think he could take feeling so weak. It's pathetic, he thought vehemently... He was pathetic. Sometimes he wondered if it had really been the better decision to turn himself in to Dumbledore. He had lost everything that mattered to him because of it. Everything that made him who he was. He collapsed onto his bed covering his eyes with his hands as he emitted a long sigh. What a shite day. What a shite year. The only part of his day that had retained some semblance of normalcy was his argument with Granger. Potter and all of his tosser friends still hated Draco, which felt oddly comforting... like the last year hadn't happened at all. A question nagged at him once again: why had the absurdly uptight gryffindor girl been there at the same time as him for the second time in a row? It was probably nothing, just a coincidence. If anything, it had made him feel almost good to have the opportunity to verbally accost her. He couldn't wait for the end of the school year. Away from Madame Pomfrey, Dumbledore, Potty, Weasel, and Granger. He wasn't sure where he would go, but he was sure it would be far, far away from this wretched place. . . . Hermione studied her reflection in the mirror. It had been nearly a month since she began taking her own potion to regulate her period. Her skin had definitely cleared up; the