Harry Potter and The One-Way Exchange Blond-hazel hair, spooled into manic curls sprung against the wind as sharp, emerald green eyes wrapped in a dark blue ring dividing the iris and the sclera, took in the world. Fair skin speckled with freckles contrasted nicely against the dark robes of the first year student. Strange, strange things had occurred in this child's life recently. Zachary Alexander Waller, Scion of the ancient noble Krupp House. Originally the Krupp House hailed from Germany, a secret coven that was founded on the ashes of an old wizarding war, none apparently knew exactly what war it was, but apparently that's how it came to be. A Sorceress and a Warlock conceived a Mage and thus the Krupp line was created. Specializing in the scorched earth approach the Krupp family was employed as sappers and war machines to steamroll through the problems of the German people, but desolation began to hit and the family splintered, many leaving to England and Wales, when Adolf Hitler began his rise to power it fractured even moreso, half of the remaining number moved away leaving Germany to the land of Australia whilst the other half remained true to the reich. The Krupp line bred and intermingled with the magicless people of Australia, in turn forming several splinter families that went on to produce more children rapidly, filling the eastern half of the continent with various flavours of the Krupp bloodline. If you're wondering how they managed to do that so quickly? The Krupp family was also known for their breeding habits. Rutting like rabbits but also able to level small towns with a flick of their wrists? Dangerous indeed. The last heir to be brought into the world of the main family was Zachary, or Zac, or Zach, or Zachariah (if you wanted to be wrong ), or Sweetheart (if you were his mum) or Zaccaboy-Waller! (If you were his dad). Lotsa nicknames. Anyway, his parents had taken to living amongst the magicless, his old man, Lukas, had taken to house painting at a young age in spite of his own father, Lukas was a master of his craft, having honed it over the 39 years he'd been at it, in no small part to the magic he had at his disposal along with his all around perfectionist nature. His mother had decided to remain a family woman, gifting the world with four children to her first partner, He-Who-Will-Not-Be-Named (not that one), and later married Lukas, her name was Sofia. Having both German names themselves they decided to go a little more local with their children's names. Anyway, the Krupp main line had funneled into the now-Waller family and thus when their - Sofia and Lukas' - son received a letter from each of the Magical Schools within their reach they had a decision to come to. Their son was… shall we say, quirky. He was a skittish child and a very anxious one. He did not do well with crowds and did not do well with new people, and he crumbled without a support network. That's why they would send him to England, to force the boy to toughed up and rising above his frailty. This would be their son's trial by fire into adulthood, to see him become a worthy heir of the family. His siblings, all of them, were born with magic to be sure, but four out of the six of the children were born out of wedlock and couldn't inherit the legacy of the Krupp line. The first born, Keith, was large of ego but small of power, and took it out on his mother in particular. The second, David, grew to love a magicless life and left the world of his parents behind. The third, Craig, was a nomad in spirit and never stayed in one place for too long. The first girl was Kate, she had a child at a young age out of wedlock and thus lost any rights to the position of heiress, as opposed to her mother, who whilst did have children out of wedlock, was the sole Lady Krupp and thus could do as she pleased. The second girl, Madelynn, was more concerned with her magicless school life and her friends, and had relinquished all rights to her younger brother. Zachary was literally the only choice. And so they would send him off to England, under the guardianship of one Lucius Malfoy. By throwing their son into the viper's pit they'd see if he would rise as a worthy heir of house Krupp, or drown in the venom of his new peers. It also helped the Lucius owed Lukas a favour, for what is a private matter. To give the boy a boost they sent him away with several cases of Liquid Courage, distilled from mixing phoenix tears, the barbs of a thorny devil (A lizard native to Australia), a drop of lions blood, and the talons of a peregrine falcon. All fifty two bottles would be stored within a 'bag of holding' for their boy to use, once a week, or more depending on the situation, and a message would be sent when he ran out. Currently Zachary, his mother and his father were in a place called 'Diagon Alley' collecting a few last minute supplies for the boy's trip. Lucius, his wife and son Draco were also with them. "Alrighty Zaccaboy, what's left?" Asked Lukas, an older man entering his fifties. His wrinkled skin was browned from the sunlight in his youth, he had pale green-blue eyes and thin, grey-brown hair. A large nose protruded from his face as a small smile revealed his coffee-stained teeth. He wore a simple dark grey shirt with a loose black robe, as was customary in this part of the globe apparently, over his shoulders. He wore matching pants and simple dress shoes. His calloused hands rested on his son's head as he smiled down at the boy, Zac placed a hand over his fathers and leant into his side. Lucius looked at the familial display clinically. The boy was clearly too dependant on his parents. This trip would do him well in the long run. "Familiar and books." Zac informed, before grinning up at his old man, "You think anythin'll beat out Scud?" "Bloody hope not." Rumbled Lukas with a shake of his head, "Spent too long on that dog for it to be beat out by some bloody rat." "Have you seen his reaction to rats, Lukas?" Sofia barbed gently with a chuckle. She was a larger woman - having six children would engender such - with a warm and open face. She had bright green eyes and a dark blue ring around the iris, which is where her son got it from. Her hair was light blonde with streaks of silver. She was currently 48 but aged a great deal better than most of her peers. "It's not my fault, they're dirty and I don't want them crawling up my legs and biting me." Zachary grumbled as he shivered in disgust. "Suck it up, buttercup." Sofia said simply pinching his cheek as she shooed him into the store Magical Menagerie. "Draco, be a dear and keep him company while he looks around." Narcissa Malfoy urged gently, pushing her son into the store behind the slightly smaller child, Draco followed without protest but did cast a look to his father. "You've a lovely child, Lukas, Sofia." Narcissa said with a smile. She was as beautiful as she was cunning. Her hair was the typical blond associated with the Malfoy family but the top of her scalp down to her spine was a dark brown, almost black. Her piercing blue eyes cut through her peers and foes alike. She wore a black dress that hugged her close but was also conservative enough to not slight moral sensibilities. "He's a good one, I reckon he'll be even better after a year or so away from home." Lukas affirmed with a nod, he smiled widely at the Malfoy duo, "We both appreciate you doin' this for us and him, I didn't want to call in that favour, Lucius. But I figured this wasn't the worst I could ask." Lucius smiled amiably, "Too true." a dip of his head and he glanced into the store where the two boys were talking animatedly, "It seems he's more than comfortable around my son. A positive influence, perhaps?" Long gone was Lucius' past of serving like some snivelling whelp at a Dark Lord's feet. He was a pureblood through and through, and that meant holding traditions, not letting himself be controlled by some madman with a god complex hellbent on destroying all he'd worked for and all he loved. He knew this now. He only wished he could undo the past. "That's a relief, he's usually not too great when it comes to first impressions." Lukas said with a slight shake of his head. "Don't forget though, if any of you want to visit our home, we're always happy to have you." Added Sofia with a motherly smile, she probably could be Lucius' mother now that he thought of it. She was certainly old enough. "We may just take you up on that offer, Magical Britain can get somewhat stale." Narcissa said simply, not caring for the onlookers gazes, as no doubt someone would already spread some nasty rumours about ' associating with outsiders' . How quickly Britain seems to forget its daughter nations. "Mum! Dad! Come look!" A familiar voice shouted, Lukas chuckled and strode inside, followed by the other adults. A Few Minutes Earlier Within the store Draco and Zachary were gazing into one of the many glass tanks. Inside the tank was a gorgeous and small feathered dragon with gold and platinum hide and shimmering orange feathers. They had a slight air to them that made them appear to be almost aflame. "I think I'm in love, Draco." Zachary said as he felt like his chest was going to explode from the overload of beauty and sheer adorableness before him. "A little dramatic don't you think?" Draco said with a smirk. "It's a Coatl, Draco. Not only that it's a Coatl Dragon, these things are like unicorns but better because they aren't unicorns!" As though that explained everything he turned to Draco hoping to see him understand, instead the blond boy was more confused. "I don't follow." "Ah sorry, right uhh… I just really like dragons, and it's like a bird at the same time. So like a horse with a horn and magic blood is special, a dragon with feathered wings is also special in a similar kind of way?" Ventured the slightly smaller boy. Draco seemed to have caught onto what he meant and realisation shon in his dark blue eyes, "Oh, I suppose you're right then." Draco wasn't sure how to take the boy before him. Apparently the Krupp family was old. Not as old as the Blacks or something but still old, dating back to just before the 1400's. They were renowned for their destructive capabilities, and the fact that half of them sided with the Nazi party some 50 or so years ago. And yet before him was a boy from Australia, bright eyed and wanting nothing more than to be liked by those around him. The situation confused Draco. Did this boy not just show off his power to gain followers and allies like his father once did? Did he lack some form of companionship? Was he weird? Draco didn't know, nor did he really understand. All in all he seemed like a nice enough boy, a little quirky sure, but nothing overtly unbecoming of a pureblood noble. "Mum! Dad! Come look!" Zachary shouted out over his shoulder as he knelt down to the glass of the creatures enclosure, "Hey there buddy, how are ya?" He questioned gently with a bright smile. The coatl waddled over on