Author's Notes: By way of introduction, this fic is a sequel to the story "While the Ring went south…" Reading that particular tale is not completely necessary to understand this one, but there are certain parts that will refer back to it. However, a working knowledge of Tolkien's books (specifically, The Fellowship of the Ring ) should be sufficient. And on that subject, I must stress that this is a book -based fic. I credit Peter Jackson with bringing the tale to the screen in a spectacular cinematic presentation, but I've been a fan of the books for most of my life and I must remain loyal to the original source. This story begins after the defeat on Caradhras and will conclude at the end of the Moria. This comprises the chapters "A Journey in the Dark," and "The Bridge of Khazad-dûm." I might also include Mirrormere from the chapter "Lothlórien," but that's not yet set in stone. And by way of warning, to those familiar with "While the Ring went south…" I should tell you that this story will be significantly darker, both figuratively and literally. However, there are still moments of humor planned, because when working with this group of travelers, it simply cannot be avoided. Put together one stubborn dwarf, one arrogant elf, two proud men, four relatively naïve hobbits, and a badgering old wizard, and you have a recipe for disaster. It's amazing to me that Middle-earth survived. What was Elrond thinking? Finally, this chapter has a long stretch of dialogue lifted directly from the books. For reference, it can be found on pages 352-355 in Ballantine's 50th anniversary paperback edition of The Fellowship of the Ring . And with that, I'll stop babbling and leave you to enjoy the tale. During a journey in the dark… January 12, 3019 (Afternoon) Gimli grimaced and glanced toward the sky, watching as the wheeling black dots—dots that were now overhead rather than below the level of the Fellowship—worked their way into the north. This was not the same group of crebain that Aragorn had pointed out while they were still upon the mountain slopes but rather the fourth group to have been seen since then. The enemy knows we are here, whoever that enemy may be , the dwarf sighed. They know not our exact position, but they know we are here. And the moment they have us cornered, they shall strike. Unfortunately, the prospect of being cornered was currently all too real. The Fellowship had moved with as much haste as their tired bodies allowed, but they were only now into the jumbled foothills lining the base of Caradhras. It had taken far too long to get off the mountain, and they were essentially pinned with the Redhorn at their backs. If they were attacked now, they had nowhere to go save back into the snowfields. And the hobbits would be unable to endure that. An irritating little voice somewhere deep in Gimli's mind put forth the idea that the elf might be able to escape should such a thing happen. After all, he had fared well enough upon the mountain. But this thought was quickly banished. The dwarf knew well that he himself could not go back up the mountain, and Valar forbid that Legolas should prove himself better than Gimli at anything. Perhaps his eyes could see farthest. Perhaps he didn't sink into the snow as other members of the Fellowship did. Perhaps the cold wasn't as bothersome to him. Perhaps he was rather impressive with the bow. And perhaps his songs were rather…haunting. But none of this gave the elf any type of advantage when compared with a sturdy descendent of Durin. By Mahal, exactly whom are you trying to convince with this argument? Gimli demanded of himself. With a shake of his head, he tried to steer his thoughts onto other paths. There were far more pressing concerns than envy for Legolas's abilities, namely the spies that circled overhead and the choosing of an alternative route now that the Redhorn Gate was closed to them. As this last thought crossed his mind, Gimli glanced over to Gandalf and Aragorn. He had not missed their private talks, and he had not missed the growing air of unease between the two. He had sensed reluctance from the wizard when it was revealed that they were to attempt the pass over Caradhras, and he had noted Aragorn's intense relief over this choice. Putting two and two together, Gimli had done some thinking of his own and come to the conclusion that there had been an argument over where to lead the Fellowship. Aragorn had won the first round, but there was clearly a second option. And it was a second option that did not thrill the Ranger. But what is the nature of this alternative that it should so dismay Aragorn ? Gimli wondered, keeping his eyes fixed upon Gandalf and the Ranger as the Fellowship wearily trudged through the foothills, occasionally stopping beneath thick brush if regiments of crebain ventured too near. Aragorn clearly favored Caradhras, yet he knew exactly what dangers the weather might pose. And he convinced Gandalf that such dangers were worth the risk. What does this say for the other road? What dangers does it hold? Our first day in Hollin…I overheard Aragorn speaking to Legolas about dark ways. But what does this mean? What paths yet remain to us? Gimli grimaced and called to mind the mental map he had been making of the area, comparing it to the maps he had studied of the Misty Mountains while yet in Rivendell. There are three known passes , he remembered. The High Pass, the Redhorn Gate, and the Gap of Rohan . Of these, we are going the wrong direction to attempt the High Pass. Moreover, it is beset with Wargs and Orcs. I know that well as my own company used that road to reach Rivendell in the first place. The Redhorn Gate is no longer an option, which leaves the Gap of Rohan. But Gandalf and Aragorn would not take the Ring so near Saruman. And to avoid the passes entirely would take far too long, as that would involve walking down the line of the coasts. What, then, can they be thinking? Where…Khazad-dûm? Gimli stopped cold in his tracks, forgetting that Sam and Bill were immediately behind him. With a startled cry, the hobbit crashed into the dwarf, causing them both to stagger, which in turn prompted Bill to snort and sidestep into Boromir, who tumbled forward and slammed into Aragorn. Aragorn had enough presence of mind to leap forward and slightly to the side with the hit, thereby missing Gandalf but clipping Legolas, who had moved up from his previous position as rearguard in order to get a better view of the birds. With a surprising amount of grace, the elf transferred his sudden momentum into a spin that turned him completely around twice but did not cause him to fall. Show off, Gimli thought caustically. "That was…interesting," Pippin offered from the safety of the back of the company where he stood with a bemused Merry and Frodo. "I trust there was a reason for that?" Legolas asked, his voice sharp as he turned flashing eyes upon Aragorn. "I was struck from behind," Aragorn answered, glancing over at Boromir. "Why must I shoulder the blame for our beast of burden and his strange fits?" Boromir demanded. "It weren't Bill's fault, Mr. Boromir," Sam spoke up, his chest puffing out slightly as he prepared to defend the pony's honor. "He was only reacting to my running into Mr. Gimli here." "And why did you run into Gimli?" Gandalf asked, his eyes suggesting that he found the entire situation rather amusing. There was a hint of a smile curving the wizard's cheeks, and Gimli noted that he was keeping his face carefully hidden from the wrathful eyes of Aragorn, Legolas, and Boromir. "He stopped," Sam said simply, turning to Gimli. Unfortunately, Gimli now realized that he could not place the fault with another, as his companions had. And with every eye in the Fellowship fastened upon the dwarf, he found himself painfully short of an explanation. He wasn't about to broach the topic of Khazad-dûm, a name that conjured only ill thoughts among races other than dwarves. Mahal only knew what that would do to the tired, terse, and weary company. "I fear my mind was wandering," Gimli said at length. "My apologies, Samwise." A quiet elven murmur snapped his attention back to the front of the line, and he glowered at Legolas, wondering what had been said. Judging from Aragorn's dark expression, it was not something pleasant. Gimli debated calling the elf out on his words, but after a moment's thought, the dwarf decided against such an action. He was tired, the hobbits were tired, the men were tired, the wizard was tired, and if Legolas insisted on antagonizing everyone within the Fellowship, he could do so alone. Gimli wasn't about to start this again with tempers as short as they were. "Now then, if we have settled this to everyone's satisfaction, let us move on," Gandalf said, glancing at the sky. "I see no enemies overhead at the moment, and we would be well-advised to move quickly while we are able." There were a few weary grumbles from the back of the line where the hobbits walked, but no one contested Gandalf's words. Before long, they had set out again with the wizard in the lead, guiding them through areas where the brush was dense so that they might have an opportunity to take cover should the crebain press too close. It made for slow going, however, and the exhausted Fellowship tired quickly as they scrambled around boulders and forced their way through underbrush. Even Gimli was finding it difficult to place one foot in front of the other, but he barely noticed this for he was consumed by other thoughts. Khazad-dûm! Moria! With a slight shake of his head, Gimli turned his eyes back toward the mountains. It had been almost thirty years since Balin led a group of dwarves to the mithril mines with the intention of reclaiming the ancient halls. It had been twenty-five years since the dwarves of Erebor received any word of this group. When the time between messages stretched too long, Dáin had dispatched parties to Khazad-dûm to learn why no news had been sent. But most of these groups never returned. Those that did return were those that had been waylaid along the way and forced back. None had ever reached Khazad-dûm itself. Or if they had, none had lived to tell of it. And after several years of this, Dáin had given up. He could not afford to lose any more dwarves, for evil had begun to stir on his own borders. Gimli remembered the day of this decision very well. Glóin had pleaded with Dáin to allow just one more party to return to Khazad-dûm, saying that he would lead it himself. The thought that his brother Óin might have perished was almost too much for Gimli's father. But Dáin would not permit it. Glóin was needed at the Lonely Mountain, for he was skilled in negotiating with the men of Lake-town and Dale. Gimli had offered to go in his father's stead, feeling a familial obligation for his uncle, but Glóin had flatly refused, saying that he had already lost a brother to the shadows of Khazad-dûm. He would not lose a son. Yet now it seemed that Gimli might enter Khazad-dûm after all. In spite of himself, the dwarf could not quite keep back a smile. Glóin had been against Gimli's decision to join the Fellowship. Had he known that the road might lead through Khazad-dûm, he would have strung Gimli up by his beard for even considering the idea of accompanying the Ring-bearer. Still, Gimli