Author's Notes: This was written as a challenge response for the LOTR GFic community over on Livejournal. The goal was to write a story in which one character displays two opposite traits, and all challenge participants were given words to use as those opposites. My words were "compassionate" and "merciless." I'll let you decide which character exhibits those qualities in this story. Anyway, while batting a few ideas around, I decided to write a sequel to another story of mine called "Beyond the Mountain Passes." I don't think you need to have read that one in order to understand this one, but there are a few ideas and minor plot points coming out of that first story. Many thanks for reading, and I hope you enjoy! " But this I will say to you: your Quest stands upon the edge of a knife. Stray but a little and it will fail to the ruin of all." —Galadriel, The Fellowship of the Ring Stray but a little… The breeze carried the promise of dead and rotting things. Under the weak glare of the winter sun, the marshlands warmed enough to whisper of a fouler stench should spring ever return to the swamps. But for Boromir, even the hint of such smells was enough for his mind to conjure images of other dead and rotting things. Of blood and battle and shadows creeping over fertile fields toward a gleaming City… Boromir fixed his eyes on the River. He had always found solace in water. The Bay of Belfalas, the Anduin, the Falls of Rauros—all served to quiet unsettled thoughts. Where Faramir found peace in the stability of dusty tomes and ancient words, Boromir found peace in the movement of waves and ripples. He suspected his mother had much to do with this. His memories of her were vague and fleeting, but one thing she had clearly impressed upon him was a respect for and a love of water. Enough of Dol Amroth's blood flowed through his veins that even after Finduilas's death, Boromir found himself drawn to seas and rivers. Water was pure. Untainted. If fouled by Mordor's noxious touch, water could become clean again. Filth could not endure in rolling currents, and moving water seemed to be the one thing Sauron could not spoil. At least, not permanently. Not so with the earth. From his seat on a partially submerged log, Boromir looked eastward beyond the Anduin. Mired in a wet and cheerless camp, the Fellowship slept restlessly in their rocking boats. Six days had come and gone since their departure from Lothlórien, and these lands were a stark contrast to the beauty and security of the Golden Wood. Even Boromir, ill at ease in the elven realm, longed to return to the concealing trees. This area was too open. Too empty. Too marred by the power of the Nameless One. Beyond the stony banks of the River's eastern shore rose the Brown Lands, desolate hills now barren of all life. None of the Fellowship knew what sorcery had caused such devastation, but they all recognized the dark feel in the Brown Lands. They might have found more comfort on the drier eastern banks, yet none objected to Aragorn's counsel that they camp in the marshes of the western shore. It was one of the few things upon which Boromir and Aragorn agreed these days. His jaw tightening, Boromir glanced toward the man who would be King. Though skeptical at first, Boromir had now traveled and fought beside Aragorn, and he was skeptical no more. Not as to Aragorn's lineage. This was indeed the heir to Gondor's throne. But there certainty ended and skepticism returned. Aragorn's coming might very well bring a change in Gondor's fortunes, but Boromir doubted the change could be sustained. His eyes moved again over the eastern banks. Rushing waters were pure, but if those waters became mired in the stagnant ruin of a failing kingdom… Perhaps that was why the line of Kings in the South had vanished while Aragorn's lineage survived in the North. Aragorn's people were Rangers, never tarrying long in any one place. Always rushing. Always changing. But Gondor stood immovable in the shadow of the Nameless One. As the Enemy choked off all roads to allies, to hope, and even to escape, darkness deepened. Like these marshes, the promise of dead and rotting things hung heavy over Minas Tirith. Were Aragorn to become embroiled in that— A memory came unbidden to Boromir. The week before he had departed on his search for Imladris, he had helped his brother divide Ranger recruits into various companies. While inspecting the ranks, Boromir had paused once to look— truly look—at those those newly inducted into Faramir's command. He had studied their faces, seeing further and deeper than was his wont, and he had come away sickened. These were not men. These were boys, all of them. Children! They stood tall and straight as Faramir introduced their company commanders, but in their hearts, Boromir perceived terror. And why not? They had every reason to fear their duty! As the Nameless One continued to thin Gondor's defenses, those defenses were bolstered by children, for there were no others to spare. As if children were things to be spared . To be cast away. To be thrown like fodder to an insatiable foe! Boromir hissed at the thought, his fists clenching with helpless rage. Those boys looked to their captains for guidance and safety, and in return, their captains sent them to the slaughter. Boromir sent them to the slaughter. Powerless to protect the present, he pitted Gondor's future against nightmares and monsters! What could Aragorn do, alone and unaided, to change that? Naught! If anything, he would become party to it! A reluctant participant in the disgrace of Gondor's fall! A throbbing ache took up residence behind his eyes. Boromir rubbed his brow, weary of war and weary of questions without answers. Despair seemed to grow heavier the closer the Fellowship came to Gondor. Over the last few years, he had wrestled with the bitter knowledge that Mordor would eventually prove the stronger, but that knowledge was harsher still when set against his companions' hope for the preservation of their own homelands. Boromir had mistaken that hope for foolish ignorance, but he knew better now. In Lothlórien, he had seen light standing proud and defiant against neighboring darkness. The gloom of Mirkwood and Dol Guldur pressed upon elven marches only to be thwarted on all fronts. Would that Gondor could be so protected! Would that the arts of the elves could come to the White City! Would that any aid might be made available for his people! And though he knew enough to know he should fear these thoughts, Boromir's duty compelled him to consider all options: if the present and the future were lost, why not look to Gondor's past? Why not look to Isildur's past? "Do you wish to yield your watch?" Boromir's breath escaped as a sharp gasp. He sprang to his feet, boots slipping in the muddy fens. But even as he whipped about, he recognized the voice and silently cursed. All was still and peaceful, so naturally Legolas would be up and about, ready to catch mere mortals by surprise. "Two hour yet before dark," Boromir said tersely, wondering how he had missed hearing the elf leave the boats. "Why are you awake?" Legolas raised his brow. "I desire no more rest. Did I disturb you?" Not deigning to answer that, Boromir returned to the matter of the elf's first question. "You stood watch yesterday. You need not burden yourself with another." "I would not have offered if I deemed it a burden. And you look as though you would rather guard your thoughts than guard this company." Indignation rolled through Boromir. "If you mean to say I am negligent—" "I said no such thing!" Legolas interrupted sharply, waving his hand. "I simply observed a preference." Though Boromir could not dispute the other's words, anger was slow to fade. "Whatever my preferences, I will not shirk my duty," he said. "This is my watch. I yield that charge to none." "Not even to those who might ease your burden?" Boromir sighed and reclaimed his seat on the log. He did not desire company, but he desired his thoughts even less. "What would you know of my burden?" he asked, opting to continue the conversation. "I know it is the burden of all Free Folk." Boromir blinked. "You do not even know what my burden is. By what reasoning make you that claim?" "By your own reasoning." The ache behind Boromir's eyes began to spread. Perhaps the company of his thoughts would actually be better than the company of this unfathomable elf. "To my knowledge, I have given no reasoning that would—" "Your reasoning in Imladris." Boromir stared at Legolas. Apparently one needed a map to follow this discussion. "Imladris?" "I do not recall the exact words, but at Elrond's Council you spoke valiantly on Gondor's behalf, impressing upon all that if Gondor fell, Sauron's darkness would swiftly spread. Therefore, all that burdens Gondor also burdens the Free Folk of Middle-earth." "You assume, then, that my burden concerns Gondor?" "Rarely does your burden not concern Gondor." Something in the elf's tone made Boromir bristle. He discerned a note of censure, as though concern for Gondor was something to be shunned. "Legolas, we have traveled far together, and I would fain call you friend," Boromir said slowly, struggling to understand the other's purpose, "but it is arrogance on your part to assume that three months grants you unfailing insight into my heart and mind." Cool gray eyes met Boromir's challenging stare. "Perhaps," Legolas allowed. "Perhaps it is arrogance. But perhaps not. We are more akin than you will admit, and from your words at the Council, I feel I know the burden under which you labor. In a sense, I may even share it. And I would aid you if you let me." Up until now, Boromir had never associated Legolas with the pretentious elves who viewed themselves as authorities on all things by sheer virtue of age and race. But Legolas's words echoed the judgment and condescension that had pervaded Lothlórien, and Boromir's blood began to boil. Bridling his temper with effort, he stood and shrugged his arms free of his cloak. "If you wish to aid me, join my watch and take up a post here. I am going scouting." He should have known that would not be the end of the matter. Elves had a tendency to linger when they were not wanted and vanish when they were most useful. Legolas was no exception. Boromir had not slogged through more than fifty feet of swamp before a light splash beside him heralded company. He cast an irritated look at the elf. "Gimli will guard the others," Legolas said. Boromir looked back. The dwarf had left the boats and now claimed a seat on Boromir's vacated log. He nodded at the departing pair, probably to indicate that he accepted responsibility for the Fellowship's safety. Boromir scowled and kept walking. "You make this harder for yourself." Boromir gave no answer. "You are not alone here," Legolas continued. "Nor are you alone in feeling the weight of your people's plight. There are others in this company who know that burden and who understand what you face. I hear the same…" The elf suddenly trailed off. A chill prickled over Boromir's skin, and he looked over at Legolas. But the other was now behind Boromir, no longer walking. Bewildered, Boromir stopped as well. The Fellowship was far enough away that only elven ears would hear their words, yet Legolas was glancing over his shoulder as though fearful of others listening. "What do you hear?" Boromir asked, unable to help himself. "The same whispers," Legolas said, dropping his voice. "The same temptation." The chill in the air