This story was written for a monthly challenge in the LOTR GenFic community over on livejournal. The theme was a debate between two characters, and participants were each provided a different topic for their debate. I was asked to write a story on this topic: " Did the Ringwraiths have free will, or was their will completely subjugated by Sauron?" The debate itself got a little sidetracked by the time I finished the story, but I promise that the topic is discussed. Briefly. MANY thanks to Docmon, the amazing beta, and I hope you enjoy! The Unwilling The abandoned homestead stood less than a league from the eastern eaves of Mirkwood, far enough for refuge but close enough for caution. It boasted a small, one-room cottage with two shuttered windows and a front door that swung haphazardly from a single hinge. A sea of brown weeds blanketed the surrounding fields, seeming to reflect the smoky haze of the midday sky. Enforcing a forgotten border, an old wooden fence ran the length of the property. It spoke eloquently of the homestead's condition by collapsing the moment Elladan leaned against it. Unable to catch himself, Elladan toppled with the fence, gasping when he hit the ground. The world dimmed, but he fought the growing darkness as he held his side. He could not afford to succumb. Not here. Not yet. It was too dangerous to remain in the open. Squeezing his eyes shut, he clung stubbornly to consciousness. His head ached, and a trickle of warmth above his left eye informed him that he was bleeding again. The battle was little more than a dreamlike blur in his scattered memories, but the throb of his injuries was very real. A hot, stabbing pain pulsed beneath his ribs, and his temples pounded as though home to a dozen dwarven hammers. He remembered receiving the head wound: a glancing blow from a massive club as he ducked inside an orc's reach. He did not remember receiving the wound in his side: a rough, jagged tear that started on the back of his shoulder and curved beneath his left arm to trace his lower ribs. Deep enough to concern him, it still bled sluggishly, soaking the tunic beneath his jerkin. His armor had been left in Mirkwood along with his sword, lacking the strength to carry them. Or so he believed. He had only a vague sense of his actions since fleeing the orcs. With waning strength, he lurched to his feet and promptly tripped over the fallen fence. Stumbling past the rails, he forced himself toward the cottage. His staggering walk made the dreary homestead bob around him like a dusty dream from which he could not wake. Hints of memory flashed through his mind, and the creeping gloom of Mirkwood coiled about his heart. There was much he could not clearly recall, but there was also much he wished to forget. In vivid detail, he remembered the orcs sweeping down upon his company. Under the direction of the White Council, Elladan and others had positioned themselves on the eastern edges of Mirkwood, hoping to flank the Necromancer's armies and prevent their escape. The main attack had come from the west, backed by thunderings and terrible lights as Curunír pitted his devices against the Enemy. But either they had underestimated Sauron's numbers or the fell creatures had all boiled out of the forest where Elladan's command waited, compelling a hasty retreat. Elladan had called desperately for aid, yet the forest itself had conspired against him. Before any help could come, the company had been divided and routed. Elladan had held his ground as long as possible, but in the end, he had been forced to look to his own safety. Now he could only hope that the rest of the eastern forces had met with better fortune and that some of his own command had managed to reach the other companies and tell them of their plight. A sudden chill ghosted over his skin. Pulled from his fractured memories, Elladan wiped blood from his brow and looked around. To the west, Mirkwood brooded in a dark haze. High above, the sun was a pale orange disk behind the drifting smoke. In the empty lands between the trees and the homestead, nothing stirred. His hackles rising, Elladan turned a suspicious gaze upon the cottage. Wooden shudders flapped open and knocked hard against the walls. A breeze whistled through chinks in the mortar. Wood groaned as it settled. But save for the sigh of the wind and the creak of the house, all else was silent. Deathly silent. No birds. No animals. Even the grass seemed wary of rustling. Gritting his teeth against the pain of his injuries, Elladan straightened. His senses claimed he was alone, but his instincts insisted otherwise. Something was here. Something close. Something watching. With narrowed eyes, Elladan peered through the open cottage door, willing the shadows to reveal their secrets. Nothing happened. Nothing moved. The sun inched westward, and Elladan quietly fumed. He had patience enough for this gambit, but patience was not the master here. A stabbing in his side shortened his breath, and he went down on one knee. The motion made his head swim, and he glared at the cottage. It was defensible, but more importantly, it was a landmark. If any in his command came looking for him and ventured near, they would almost certainly explore the cottage. The warnings of his instincts notwithstanding, this was his best chance of finding help. Balling his fists, Elladan decided to continue. He rose to his feet, shivering in the warm autumn air. A few steps more and he mounted the porch. It had seen better days, and he half expected to plunge through the boards that moaned ominously beneath his feet. A strange fear edged his thoughts, and he stopped again. He knew this fear. It was familiar, like a faded echo of something he once knew well. A wisp of memory beckoned, carrying fleeting images of snow, stone, and blood. Then it vanished, lost to a pounding headache that threatened to drive him back to his knees. Shadows flooded his mind, following hard on the heels of the strange yet familiar fear. Elladan considered retreating, but he was too close to safely turn his back on the door. And at this point, whatever lurked within certainly knew he was near. There seemed little choice save to continue. Bracing himself on the side of the cottage, he drew his knife. He was grateful he still had at least one weapon, though he wondered what good it would do him. His grip on the haft was weak. But he had come this far in the face of great danger. He would not now shrink before an unknown shadow. Thus resolved, he moved into the doorway. And stopped cold. His heart froze in his chest. A paralyzing chill swept the length of his spine. Suffocating and implacable terror bore down upon him as darkness erupted from the cottage. His earlier fear was as nothing compared to the horror now emptying his mind of all thoughts save one: Flee! He planted his hands on the doorframe and pushed with all his failing might. Tumbling backward, the fall lent him speed he could not otherwise muster. He rolled off the porch and hit the ground with enough force to drive the breath from his lungs. Wheezing, he looked back toward the house, and in the shadows of the threshold, a pale knife gleamed. Something hissed, the sound skittering over his mind like ice. For a moment, the form of a man loomed just beyond the doorway. Then the shadows closed, and only darkness could be seen. Too shaken to rise, Elladan lay where he had fallen and grappled with recognition. Now, he understood. Now, he remembered. He had felt this fear when Imladris, Lindon, and Lothlórien joined with Gondor to drive the Witch-king out of Angmar. Over a thousand years had come and gone since that war, but Elladan's newly awakened memories were as vivid and terrifying as if he had just escaped the Battle of Fornost. And with recognition came the terrible knowledge of what lurked in the cottage: A Nazgûl. But the Nazgûl were not supposed to be at Dol Guldur. Or Mirkwood. Or anywhere near Mirkwood. The Nazgûl guarded Minas Morgul. So Curunír had insisted, and none in the White Council had moved to gainsay him. Nevertheless, Elladan could not deny the horror in his heart. He had somehow managed to keep his knife in the tumble off the porch, and he brandished it now, murmuring a quiet prayer to Elbereth. It was a paltry defense against such a menace, but he refused to lie helpless before this creature. Never taking his eyes from the house, Elladan gathered his strength and started to rise. He immediately doubled over. A relentless throbbing wracked his left side. He curled over it and bit his lip, breath coming hard. Gingerly, he forced the hand not holding the knife to probe the cut. His fingers came away red. Within the cottage, shadows stirred. The sun seemed to dim, and Elladan bared his teeth in a voiceless snarl. But though terror darkened the silent fields, no attack issued from the house. All seemed poised in a waiting gloom, and Elladan's jaw tightened. His injury would not permit him to leave the homestead. Should he attempt to flee, he would be fortunate to reach the rail fence ere he collapsed and the Nazgûl knew it. There was no need for haste. No need to brave the muted daylight. The Nazgûl had only to delay until nightfall before claiming its prize. Frustrated rage burned hot through Elladan, fierce enough to momentarily quench fear. He might not be able to leave, but he could make his last stand a valiant one. He pushed himself to his feet and shuffled away from the cottage door, still clutching his knife. It was an awkward retreat, and his legs trembled with every step. But ere his strength failed, Elladan was determined to put at least a wall between himself and the Nazgûl. When he was a safer distance from the porch, he hobbled toward the back of the house. He had seen no signs of firewood on the porch, but there might be some at the rear. And if he could build a fire, he could mount a defense of sorts. Yet as he approached the back, he saw no stacks of wood. Instead, he saw what looked to be a stone shelter. Battling despair, he told himself that perhaps it held something he could use. Perhaps it even held firewood. Hope flickered, frail and weak, and with painstaking slowness, Elladan moved closer and closer to— A forge. A misshapen stone forge nestled against the back wall of the cottage, complete with a kiln and a rotting wooden door. The door could be broken down into fuel for a fire, and that was a surer defense against a Nazgûl than a barred entrance. Hope brightened as Elladan staggered into the dimly lit forge. Only large enough for the occasional repair, the small kiln was a far cry from the massive furnaces of Imladris. But for Elladan's purposes, it was enough. Easing down beside it, he studied the thick layer of ash and charcoal coating the bottom. He needed flames, not embers, and he began scraping the ash with his knife. But his knife could only reach so far, and Elladan looked around for something more useful. Spying a pair of iron tongs, he sheathed his knife and retrieved them. "Fire will not save you." Elladan flinched violently. The tongs clattered to the ground with a harsh clang. Beyond the wall, he heard what might have been a hissing laugh, and his blood froze in his veins. "I could seize you now. You live by my grace alone." Elladan's jaw bunched as