" There upon Celebdil was a lonely window in the snow, and before it lay a narrow space, a dizzy eyrie above the mists of the world. The sun shone fiercely there, but all below was wrapped in cloud. Out he sprang, and even as I came behind, he burst into new flame. There was none to see, or perhaps in after ages songs would still be sung of the Battle of the Peak. " Gandalf—The Two Towers (The White Rider) -0-0-0-0-0-0- The World Below the Mists -0-0-0-0-0-0- Partially obscured by its northern brethren, the mountain of Celebdil was difficult to see from the heights above Imladris. But the storm that raged about its peak was not. For the past two days, clouds of ice and snow had billowed outward from the southernmost of the Moria peaks, pounding the slopes of Caradhras and Fanuidhol with volley after volley of lightning. It was an impressive storm that had yet to stray from Celebdil, a curious development that the elves would have normally watched with interest. But Elrond's reaction to the storm made it much more than a curiosity, and perched atop the cliffs that overlooked Imladris, Glorfindel warily eyed the storm. It was a frigid January morning, and his breath escaped him in misty puffs. But Glorfindel barely felt the cold. His mind was too occupied by thoughts of the storm and of Elrond. They had been in council the day the storm began. In the valley, Celebdil itself was not visible, but Elrond noted that the southern skies had filled with clouds. He interrupted the discussion to send scouts up to the ridges and learn the clouds' origin, and when word came that Celebdil seemed to be at the center of a fierce storm, Elrond grew uneasy. As morning turned to afternoon, he began to be withdrawn, looking to the windows more often than he looked to either Glorfindel or Erestor. By nightfall, he had ordered all watches on the heights to give special heed to the storm and to stay in areas where they had a clear view of the southern mountains. Glorfindel had pointed out that Celebdil stood well over sixty leagues away, and at that distance, even the keenest elven eyes would be unable to see much in the way of details. But Elrond had been adamant, and the watches had been set. On the storm's second day, Elrond had done little more than watch the sky, foregoing even food and drink until Erestor threatened to recite the Lay of Leithian in Entish should he refuse to break his fast. All of this would have been worrisome enough by itself, but even more maddening was the fact that Elrond seemed reluctant to share why he was so interested in Celebdil's storm. The only one to elicit anything resembling an explanation was Elladan, and all Elrond told him was that he sensed Galadriel's urgent thoughts bending toward the mountains. Glorfindel's eyes narrowed, and a heavy sigh escaped his gritted teeth. He had his own opinion regarding the use of the Three Elven Rings. The Doom of Mandos may have been lifted following the War of Wrath, but Glorfindel still felt its workings in those who elected to remain in Middle-earth. And as a scion of Fëanor, Celebrimbor's works seemed particularly laden with the weight of that dark promise. The Three Rings would prove the elves' undoing, and the more the elves relied upon the Three, the more grievous would be their passing. At best, the One Ring would be destroyed and all other Rings would fail. It was a costly outcome that Elrond and Galadriel seemed prepared to accept, but Glorfindel did not think either fully comprehended the magnitude of such a loss. Lothlórien and Imladris had been sustained too long by the power of the Three. As for the worst that could happen… Shaking his head, Glorfindel closed his eyes and lifted his face to the rising sun. He had voiced his misgivings before, but it had taken death to teach him what it meant to lose a life's labor. He could not impart wisdom that only experience could teach. Thus he did the only thing he could do: he took what Elrond gathered through Vilya, and he tried his best to put it to good use. With this in mind, Glorfindel opened his eyes and turned his attention back to the storm around Celebdil, hoping that the view of the mountain might lend him some glimpse of foresight. That was when he spied the eagle. It was not unusual to see one of the great eagles circling above the Misty Mountains, but it was unusual to see such an eagle leaving the mountains. It was even more unusual to see an eagle flying westward. When they did leave the sheltering peaks, the eagles almost always flew east where men were fewer and prey plentiful. And they were always high enough in the sky that arrows could not reach them. Often they were above the clouds, beyond the sight of both elves and men. But this eagle seemed to break all conventions, for he flew west, low, and was descending rapidly. Deciding that others could worry about Celebdil's storm, Glorfindel rose to his feet and turned his attention toward the bird. The rising sun lay directly behind the eagle, and perhaps this explained why Glorfindel had not noticed him earlier. But now that he knew where to look, he easily traced the eagle's path and determined his destination to be Imladris. The thought worried Glorfindel. Eagles were servants of Manwë and allies to the elves, but a lone eagle coming to Imladris probably meant fell tidings. The Nine Walkers were now a month on the way, and nothing had been heard of them. Glorfindel suspected that Elrond would know immediately if Sauron regained the One Ring, but even so, his fear grew. As the eagle drew closer, Glorfindel drifted further away from the edge of the cliffs. The elves had encouraged the growth of a forest atop the sheltering heights as yet another safeguard to conceal the valley, but there was a clearing where Glorfindel had chosen to keep watch and he now moved to its center. From there he had a clear view of the eagle, which now flew very low and drifted only slightly as his wings compensated for the winds. It was a magnificent sight, and in praise of that beauty, Glorfindel raised a hand to in both greeting and gratitude. He suddenly found himself the subject of a sharp, aquiline gaze. At the same time, the eagle cried aloud, his scream echoing far in the winter morning. There was a flare of wings, the feathers a burnished gold beneath the morning sun, and for a moment, the great bird seemed to hang in the air. Then he tipped his body forward, pulled his wings in close, and dove straight toward Glorfindel's clearing. Swifter than even the fiercest gale, the eagle dropped from the sky and skimmed the tree tops at the edge of the clearing. The vast expanse of wings suddenly opened, and a rush of wind flattened the winter grass that grew in clumps through the snow. Caught in the throes of surprise, Glorfindel hastily backed away as the golden body reared back and massive talons stretched forth. Snow and dirt flew upward, and he ducked his head behind upraised arms in an attempt to shield his face. He heard the crunch and grind of rock as the talons dug into the ground, and the wings thumped several more times before the eagle seemed to settle himself. Cautiously lowering his arms, Glorfindel brushed snow from his face and watched as the eagle smoothed down his feathers. The wings then folded back and a pair of sharp eyes turned toward Glorfindel. For his part, Glorfindel returned the stare in silence, deciding to let the visitor speak first. "I am Landroval, brother and nest-mate to Gwaihir the Windlord," the eagle said after a long moment of scrutiny, his words oddly accented by his rigid beak. "You are Glorfindel, Balrog-slayer. You are known to us. Our fathers bore your body up from the abyss and buried you in stone beneath the Eagle's Cleft." Glorfindel blinked, somewhat taken aback by the greeting and unsure of how to respond. "I thank you for the consideration of your forefathers," he answered, deciding that one strange salutation deserved another, "and I regret that I was unable to thank them personally. I was…indisposed at the time." Landroval ruffled his feathers, which Glorfindel took to be a response of some kind but he could not even begin to guess what it meant. Tuor and Ecthelion had always been better at understanding eagles. "I am sent by the Lord and Lady of Lothlórien," Landroval announced, "and I bring tidings for the Mariner's son. But I will give these tidings to you, Balrog-slayer, for we may again have need of your services." Glorfindel's mouth went dry. "My services? What manner of tidings are these?" Landroval snapped his beak and flexed his wings. "The company you sent forth one month ago has reached Lothlórien. But they met great danger beneath the mountains, and there are eight where once there were nine. Mithrandir is lost." Glorfindel inhaled sharply, and the cold air seared his lungs as denial fought the eagle's words. He was nearly overcome by the irreverent urge to ask, Again? For if he could ask that question, then there was no substance to Landroval's dark hints. Mithrandir had simply been misplaced, and all their troubles could be attributed to Curunír, who undoubtedly had Mithrandir back atop Orthanc. But Glorfindel had lived—and died—through too much to deny his instincts. Mithrandir was indeed lost, and he was lost to circumstances far more dire than those that had revealed Curunír's treachery. With sudden realization, Glorfindel turned his eyes to the storm that ringed Celebdil, remembering what kingdom lay beneath those slopes. "The Fellowship passed through Moria," he murmured. "Yes," Landroval confirmed. Glorfindel's jaw tightened as he struggled against the onslaught of crippling grief. He had known Mithrandir when Mithrandir was yet called Olórin, and in those days before the sun and moon, Glorfindel had come to call him friend. Several millennia and one death later, Glorfindel had been at the Havens when the Istari arrived in Middle-earth, and he had recognized immediately his Maia-friend of old, now in different form and of different power. To think that something had managed to quench that power… "We have long wondered about the nature of Durin's Bane," Glorfindel whispered, now understanding the rest of Landroval's grim tidings. "No survivor could give any description of the creature that drove the dwarves from the mines." "We need wonder no longer," Landroval said, and his eyes flickered. "Thranduil's son put a name to it. It is a Balrog." When Glorfindel was released from Mandos, he had remembered little of his former life. Over time, most of his memories returned to him, but there were some things that he never fully recalled. And there were some things that he never tried to recall. He remembered enough of his death to know that he did not wish to remember more. But the eagle's words seemed to open a door to Glorfindel's lost memories, and the world around him suddenly darkened. Images erupted in his mind. For a moment, he again stood atop the walls of Gondolin, watching in first confusion and then horror as a red light dawned beyond the fences of the northern mountains. Smoke charred his throat, screams harrowed his ears, and a heavy weight bore down upon his chest. "Mithrandir fell to a Balrog?" he managed, his voice trembling. "Those are the tidings I was sent to deliver." Glorfindel closed his eyes. "And what of the Balrog?" The eagle hissed, and Glorfindel opened his eyes in time to see the golden head turn south, the eyes shifting as they focused on