My heartfelt gratitude goes out to both Docmon and Nieriel Raina for their fantastic insight and meticulous beta work. Both are amazing! Many thanks! Mazarbul Thorin Stonehelm, King under the Mountain, was pleased. Pleased as he had not been in many months. His stomach was full, his mind was relaxed, and his thoughts had an agreeable haze about them that suggested he had drunk his fill. But even more welcome than this was the fact that his people also seemed pleased. Better than that, they seemed…alive. Mugs clinked together. Laughter rose from every table. Loud voices filled the cavernous banquet hall, competing in song and boastful tales. Roaring flames and torches cast the halls in a welcoming light akin to the comfort and warmth of the forge, and sitting back with a goblet of mulled wine, Thorin reflected that a forge was exactly what this feast had become: A forge of friends and kin as they renewed old ties and celebrated the fall harvest, the summer of peace, the great victory at winter's end, and the return of Glóin's son, who had earned honor and fame throughout the lands. The dwarves needed this. Thorin had been aware of that, but up until now, he had not known just how much the dwarves needed this. Thinking back on the past year, Thorin realized it had been some time since they had truly celebrated. Oh, they had rejoiced when they forced Rhûn to abandon the siege of the Lonely Mountain, but their victory had been tainted by the loss of kin and king. They had cheered when news reached them that Sauron had fallen, but they had been too occupied with reconstruction to properly rejoice. And every heart had swelled with pride when the emissaries sent to King Elessar's crowning returned with tidings that Gimli had won praise and renown in a harrowing Quest to destroy Sauron's One Ring, but he whom they wished to honor still tarried in the southern lands. And thus they had put their energy into their labors, toiling as only dwarves can in an effort to repair the destruction that had marred the Long Lake, Dale, and the Lonely Mountain. But though their efforts were satisfying and the results appreciated, the dwarves desired something more. Specifically, they desired something that involved copious amounts of food, drink, and song. So when Gimli returned home that October morning, preparations immediately began for a feast that made the most of the autumn bounty. A sudden roar filled the hall, drawing Thorin from his thoughts. Looking up, he saw that their guest of honor now stood on unsteady legs, his tankard held high in tribute to all who had defended the Lonely Mountain during the long siege. Every dwarf toasted him in return, and a clamor broke out as several called for a tale from his adventures. "It is late for tales," Gimli protested, laughing. "And I have had too much drink!" "That will only improve the telling!" someone shouted. "Would you have me tell you, Nori, that I personally stormed Barad-dûr at the head of an army of hobbits?" Gimli retorted, shaking his head. "Nay, my friends. For the grandeur of this welcome, I am ever at the service of you and your families, but I beg you to delay all calls for service until the morrow! I have had a long journey." There was laughter in response, and several dwarves rose and thumped Gimli on the back, wishing him well and a good night's rest. Gimli thanked one and all as he lurched and tottered toward the hallways that would take him to the residences, waving his father back when Glóin rose to help him. As he did so, he passed by Thorin's seat and stumbled against it, reaching out to right himself. With a laugh, Thorin turned and put a steadying hand on Gimli's arm. "Have you need of an escort, old friend?" he teased. Gimli smiled back, but his eyes were suddenly sharp and he ducked his head down next to Thorin's. "I must speak with you alone, kinsman," he hissed. "One hour from now in the council chambers." And before Thorin could say or do aught, Gimli's face relaxed into a pleasant, drunken grin and he straightened. "Nay, I will be well enough," he assured Thorin, his voice ringing loudly over the din. "But I must leave now or I will find myself in Bombur's company!" Laughter rose again—for Bombur had fallen asleep at the tables—but Thorin's merriment was gone, shock taking its place. For a moment, he was unsure of what had happened. Did his eyes see truly? Was Gimli merely feigning drunkenness? Thorin frowned, the noise of the banquet chamber dimming as he struggled to make sense of what had occurred. Clearly Gimli had lied to Nori. Drink did not taint his thoughts, and so Thorin could only assume that there was something in Gimli's adventures that he did not wish to share. And it now occurred to Thorin that Gimli had avoided any discussion of his travels during the short time that he had been home. If asked about a specific event, he would comment on it and hint at his own involvement, but then he would turn the conversation to other things or give some excuse as to why his listeners should wait until a better time to hear the tale. His thoughts now too dark to remain in the banquet chamber, Thorin soon made his own excuses and left the feasting. He considered retiring to his rooms for a time, but he found himself instead moving toward the council chambers. He opted not to fight his feet. If any sought Thorin at this late hour, they would probably not think to look in these passages, and so he would be free to hear whatever it was that caused Gimli to both deceive and evade his kin. The heavy door to the council chambers opened soundlessly at Thorin's touch, swinging easily inward. The long hall before him was dark and silent, and Thorin immediately set about lighting the wall sconces. Once the shadows had been chased into the corners, Thorin took his place in the King's Seat at the head of the great wooden table. He still felt somewhat uneasy claiming this particular chair. Whenever he saw it, his thoughts were drawn to memories of his father. Leaning forward on the table, Thorin sighed deeply and rubbed his brow. It was well that he had come here ahead of Gimli. The mantel of kingship was heavier than Thorin had ever anticipated, and he needed a few moments to forge his composure and set aside his grief for his father. Schooling his thoughts, he reminded himself that Dáin Ironfoot slept and was at peace. Gimli, on the other hand, was not at peace, and that was where Thorin needed to concentrate his attention. With a deep breath, he smoothed down his beard, sat back in his chair, and firmly turned his thoughts to his kinsman. Thorin and Gimli were old traveling companions, often accompanying the trade wains to lands as close as the Iron Hills and as distant as the Blue Mountains. The senior by thirteen years, Thorin had taken on the role of an older brother for Gimli, and rarely would one be seen without the other on these journeys. Thorin felt he knew Gimli as well as any dwarf did, but try as he might, he could not fathom Gimli's actions this evening. Gimli had a quick mind, a love of puzzles, and a flair for the dramatic. It was not unusual for him to craft a secret and then watch as others tried—and often failed—to unravel whatever mystery he had concocted. But Gimli was playing no game this night. His eyes had been too shadowed and his whispered demand too forceful. In fact, for the first time, Thorin had felt as though he was the younger of the pair. During that brief moment when his speech rang clear, Gimli had looked so weary. As though he had seen too much and traveled too far, and Thorin silently groaned within himself. The War had caused so much sorrow already, but it seemed that Gimli was about to add to that. Such were Thorin's thoughts when the door opened a short time later and Gimli entered. He had a travel pack slung over his shoulder, and he seemed to look everywhere except at Thorin as he walked toward the King's Seat. Eventually stopping beside Glóin's chair near the head of the table, he cast his eyes about the room and announced, "We need more light." Thorin's brow wrinkled at that. "Dark for dark business," he said. "Or so my father used to claim." "Mine still claims that," Gimli said, kneeling next to the great hearth and easily coaxing a flame into life. "But there are places in this world where darkness does not yield to light, and I have no wish to remember them." Brushing his hands off on his breeches, he stood and moved back to the table. He made no move to sit, though, and much to Thorin's surprise, he seemed to be casting about for what to say. "It was not my intent to interrupt the celebration," Gimli began slowly, "nor was it my intent to approach you in such an abrupt fashion. But this matter cannot wait any longer. And there is no good way to say this other than to simply say it, so I shall: Ten months ago, during the journey to destroy the Ring, I passed through Khazad-dûm." Thorin stared, certain he had not heard correctly. "You passed where?" Gimli met his stare evenly, a flicker of grief in his eyes. "Through Khazad-dûm." Feeling as though someone had struck him with his own hammer, Thorin's breath caught in his chest, and he had to swallow a lump that formed in the back of his throat. He opened his mouth to speak and found himself curiously bereft of words. Of all the things he had thought to hear from Gimli upon his return from the War in the South, he had not expected word of Khazad-dûm. Feeling the weight of the silence that now smothered the council chambers, Thorin finally managed to ask, "What news of our kindred there?" The grief in Gimli's eyes grew, and his hands twisted the straps of his travel pack. "They are dead. They held the mines for only a few years." Silence again. The news was not surprising. For decades, the dwarves of the Lonely Mountain feared that those who went to reclaim Khazad-dûm had met with some dire fate. But it was one thing to fear. It was another to have such fears confirmed. "You are certain?" Thorin asked, his voice husky. "I wish I was not," Gimli whispered, and he dug into his pack and pulled forth what looked to be the remnants of a book. It was black and sooty, the pages burned, torn, and blotted with what Thorin feared might be blood. Gently, Gimli set this book on the council table. "My company found this in the Chamber of Mazarbul. It is all we could salvage, for we were set upon by many goblins and driven from the mines." "What possessed you to enter the mines?" Thorin demanded, overcome with a sudden—albeit belated —fear for Gimli's safety. "Dáin forbade any to even approach Khazad-dûm, much less enter it!" "It was the only way our Fellowship could cross the Misty Mountains," Gimli answered softly, seemingly unaffected by Thorin's anger. "The High Pass was too far north and the Gap of Rohan too near Isengard. We attempted the trail that leads over the shoulder of Barazinbar, but the mountain would not allow our passage. We were forced to turn back, and by then, the enemy pursued with crows and wargs. We had no other choice." Thorin sighed, feeling his anger drain as he remembered the siege the Lonely