My eternal gratitude goes to Docmon, who was persistent and patient in figuring out what the pace of this story should be and how to get it there. She also corrected everything else that went wrong and was just generally beta-extraordinaire. As usual. Thank you, Docmon! Additionally, the opening dialogue and the closing dialogue are quoted directly from Tolkien ' s books. The first can be found on pages 474-475 of The Fellowship of the Ring while the last can be found on pages 19-20 of The Two Towers . Finally, I should add that I ' m taking my cues from bookverse rather than movieverse. Sorry, Aragorn fans, but Andúril doesn ' t get any screen time in this story. Hunting For reasons he did not yet understand, Legolas felt restless. It was a strange, confounding feeling that was further complicated by unfortunate timing. Around him, the rest of the Fellowship—with the exception of Frodo—debated whether they should turn east for Mordor or south for Minas Tirith. The roaring voice of the falls further down the Anduin forced them to speak in raised voices, but Legolas was having difficulty following their words. It was just as well that he had already contributed his own preference for the road to Minas Tirith. He did not know if he could concentrate on the conversation long enough to add anything substantive again. There was something elusive here… Something that filled him with unease… "It would be mad and cruel to let Frodo go to Mordor," Merry was saying as Legolas struggled to track both the debate and his disquiet. "Why can't we stop him?" "We must stop him," Pippin put in. "And that is what he is worrying about, I am sure. He knows we shan't agree to his going east." The hobbit continued on, but Legolas once again became lost in his own thoughts. Perhaps it was the next step of their quest that troubled him. He had no wish to go to Mordor, but should that be Frodo's decision, Legolas would honor it and follow him into the darkness. They all would. But even so, the thought of such a journey made Legolas shiver. Perhaps his dread of the dark land lent itself to his restlessness. And yet… No. No, that was not the cause. It was something else. Something closer. Something he could not put a name to. Something— "Begging your pardon, I don't think you understand my master at all," Sam said loudly, his voice pulling Legolas back to the conversation. "He isn't hesitating about which way to go. Of course not! What's the good of Minas Tirith anyway? To him, I mean, begging your pardon, Master Boromir." There was a pause, and they all glanced toward Boromir. But Boromir was no longer with them. A chill crept down Legolas's spine. Where was the man? Legolas straightened and turned his head toward the forest that lined the banks of the Anduin. Sam resumed speaking, but Legolas ignored him. The conversation would soon be of little importance, for something closed upon them. Something that was not easily discerned. A shadow? A spy? An unwelcome regard? Legolas frowned, straining his senses. Keen eyes tracked the green grass of Parth Galen until it disappeared into the trees. Then Legolas turned his eyes to the forest, searching every shadow and every break within the trees. Onward he probed, moving his gaze even further west to study the slopes of Amon Hen until at last his gaze rested upon the broken stone ramparts atop the hill. And there, in the space of time it would take to blink, he caught sight of… Movement? His eyes narrowed and he took a step forward, but by then it was gone, almost as though it had never been. So intent was he upon the crest of Amon Hen that he missed Boromir suddenly emerging from the forest and moving toward them across the lawn of Parth Galen. When he did catch sight of the man, he was pulled back to the immediacy of their surroundings so quickly that he nearly cried out. As it was, he could not prevent himself from jerking in surprise, which earned him a look of both concern and amusement from Gimli. Legolas opted to ignore the dwarf. With his attention back on the Fellowship, he was once again caught up in feelings of restless anxiety. Only now, it was worse. It had increased tenfold, and Legolas was not one to ignore his instincts: The Fellowship needed to move. They all needed to move now ! "Where have you been, Boromir?" Aragorn asked, seemingly unaware of Legolas's rising alarm. "Have you seen Frodo?" "Yes," Boromir said slowly, his words halting as though he was unsure of what to say. "And no. Yes: I found him some way up the hill, and I spoke to him. I urged him to come to Minas Tirith and not go to the east." Boromir's eyes flashed, filling with sudden emotion. Rage. Terror. Shame. But as quickly as these feelings appeared, they were gone again, and Legolas felt his anxiety turn to fear. "I grew angry," Boromir continued, his voice slowing even more, "and he left me. He vanished. I have never seen such a thing happen before, though I have heard of it in tales. He must have put the Ring on." Boromir hesitated now, and the muscles in his jaw twitched. "I could not find him again," the man said, and it seemed as though the whole of his attention was placed upon Aragorn. "I thought he would return to you." Every muscle in Legolas's body tightened. There was something that Boromir was not saying. Something that he struggled to conceal. Aragorn sensed it as well and continued to press the man, but Legolas's mind was now comparing his growing need to flee with Boromir's obvious evasion. His conclusion only lent to his panic: Something had happened to Frodo. Something had happened to the Ring-bearer! And suddenly Sam was no longer sitting but standing, angry words tumbling in a flurry from his mouth. Merry and Pippin were also up, and Legolas felt Gimli at his side, the dwarven axe gleaming bright in the late morning sun. Aragorn and Boromir were both speaking again, but Legolas's mind was as Greenwood in a windstorm, his thoughts tossing and beating against one another in a frenzy of activity. Then Sam was running. So were Merry and Pippin. Aragorn tried to call them back, but Legolas had care for only one thought: find Frodo. He was at the trees before he realized that he had broken away from camp. Short huffs of air behind him revealed that Gimli followed closely. Somewhere in the back of Legolas's mind, the more rational part of him was screaming at him to stop. But the fear that had prompted action was greater still, and he lengthened his stride as he raced through the forest, neatly weaving between tree trunks until the ground began to rise beneath his feet and then— It was as though he ran headlong into a stone wall. Stopping suddenly, Legolas reached out a hand to brace himself on a nearby tree, his mind spinning. Gimli stumbled to a halt beside him, his face creased in bewilderment. Legolas understood the feeling well, for he shared it. The fear was gone. Or rather, lessened. In the back of his mind, he could still hear its murmurings, but they were a faded echo only. The urgings had no power, and bereft of their drive, Legolas's thoughts seemed to tumble away. The sensation was not unlike being thrown from a galloping horse. "Durin's beard," Gimli whispered. "You felt it also?" Legolas asked, struggling to right his drifting mind. "I know not what madness possessed me, but yes," Gimli said, raising a trembling hand to his brow. "There was fear and confusion, and then when Boromir brought news of Frodo's disappearance…" He trailed off and shook his head. "Some foul sorcery is at work," Legolas said grimly, looking about. "Some art that whispers of threats and shadows. It came upon us as we debated, but I failed to recognize it for what it was." Gimli frowned. "Perhaps it was simply unease for where our path might turn." Legolas shook his head, growing certain of his conclusion. "We have known since Imladris that every step of this journey brings us closer to Mordor. Nay, a greater power was required to break our Fellowship." He paused, his brow furrowing. "And for purposes of which I am ignorant, it has now chosen to release us." "If it was indeed sorcery, then I doubt we were released by choice," Gimli said. "Rather, I believe that our release was the work of the stone." Legolas blinked. "The stone?" "The stone set down by the men of Gondor," Gimli clarified, his focus seeming to turn inward. "Aragorn said this hill was an old outpost for the men of Númenor, and their workmanship is evident. The stones they laid were placed with words of warding, and the stones remember. I felt their power when first we drew in sight of them. They are not so quick to forget their makers, and perhaps that is why Aragorn seemed not to feel the unrest that we did. He is closely attuned to the arts of Westernesse, and though he failed to note Boromir's absence, he may have been afforded protection from the fear that afflicted the rest of us, even from a distance. Until we drew nearer the hill, we were not so shielded." "Nor were the hobbits," Legolas whispered, and his blood ran cold. "The hobbits! Gimli, we must—" "Hold!" Gimli ordered, seizing Legolas by the arm even as the elf turned. "Whatever devilry separated us might still be in effect. Think before rushing back! How was this wizardry achieved? What was its goal? And how might we counter it?" Legolas wrested his arm from Gimli's grasp, but even as he did so, he found himself unable to escape the dwarf's logic. Taking a deep breath, he struggled to slow his racing thoughts. "Through little effort of their own, the servants of the Enemy cause feelings of fear and unease," he said. "Recreating such feelings would not be difficult. As for countering them, simple awareness may be an adequate weapon. Knowing the purpose is sometimes enough to enable one to defeat such feelings." "And regarding that purpose?" Gimli prompted. Hoping that he was now calm enough for his senses to work unhindered, Legolas closed his eyes and reached forth with an awareness born from centuries among Greenwood's trees. He refrained from reaching too far, wary that the source behind the fear might feel his regard, but his caution soon vanished in the face of what he discovered much closer at hand. "Orcs!" he exclaimed, hurriedly struggling to gauge both number and distance. "Orcs on the western banks! Gimli, they have crossed the river!" He opened his eyes and looked to the dwarf, finding his sudden alarm mirrored in the other's eyes. "Whatever caused us to miss Boromir's absence caused us to miss the orcs as well! We were routed and separated, as prey before hunters!" Gimli hissed, his hands tightening about his axe. "Yes, but perhaps Amon Hen may aid our companions as it aided us," Legolas said, thinking rapidly. "Perhaps the orcs will fear to set foot where their master's regard cannot follow. Come! We must gather the Fellowship here. At the least, we will be together and our thoughts will be unhindered." And with that, Legolas suited word to deed and turned back toward the river, striking out at a quick run. "How far is our enemy?" Gimli demanded as he hurried after Legolas. "And what is their number?" "Too close and too many," Legolas answered curtly, his eyes searching the trees. Even given the influence of an unknown sorcery, it was a wonder he had not sensed the orcs