Before doing anything else, I must express my heartfelt gratitude to the wonderful Nieriel Raina, who patiently endured several beta readings and identified a crucial tone problem. If the story works at all, it's because of her. Next, Happy Birthday to Docmon! This story is for you, one of the most insightful and thoughtful individuals I know. Hope you have a good birthday! Beyond the Mountain Passes ……… " Legolas shall be for the Elves; and Gimli son of Glóin for the Dwarves. They are willing to go at least to the passes of the Mountains, and maybe beyond ." —Elrond: The Fellowship of the Ring (The Ring Goes South) ……… Legolas moved with purpose today. Gimli noted it immediately. Their previous wanderings through Lothlórien had been guided by whim rather than intent. A tree would catch Legolas's attention and they would pause to study it. Or he would hear a whisper of song and promptly change their course in order to follow the music, desiring to hear the rest. It was a stark contrast to Gimli's own way of thinking. Dwarves did not wander; they chose a destination, they elected a path, and they overcame aught that stood in their way. But Caras Galadhon was an elven city, and its workings confounded Gimli. He had quickly learned that destinations were not easily found in the Golden Wood. The twisting paths both below and within the trees constantly threw him out of his reckoning, and he half suspected that some of the trails actually shifted from time to time. He had once confronted Legolas about that, but the elf had responded with a quizzical look and asked if Gimli had expected aught else from a living city. Deciding it would take too much effort to sift for reason in that statement—and uncertain if reason could even be found—Gimli had decided to cede control of their journeys to Legolas. This loss of control did not come easily, and it required a level of trust that Gimli was not entirely prepared to grant. But thus far, Legolas had proven worthy of that trust, and under the elf's guidance, Gimli had learned that there was something to be gained in lacking a clear destination. At times, his dwarven sensibilities grew impatient with their aimless travels, but at other times, he found himself relishing the freedom to pursue an idle fancy. This day, however, did not seem to be a day for the pursuit of idle fancies. A somber mood had shadowed Legolas when he joined the Fellowship for breakfast. The light banter of the hobbits had done little to lift his spirits, and he had excused himself soon after the meal, beckoning Gimli to follow him in a curt manner that echoed their initial rivalry rather than their growing friendship. Had any others in their company taken note of this behavior, Gimli would have refused to leave. His pride would not allow for such indignities in front of their companions. But the rest of the Fellowship seemed to be caught in their own musings this morning, and in any case, Gimli was more concerned than offended by Legolas's actions. Deciding to let the insult pass for now, he set out after the elf, hastening his steps when it became apparent that Legolas was unwilling to wait. "I spoke with the sentries before joining the Fellowship today," Legolas said as they walked. They were moving north at a brisk pace in a fairly straight line, all of which was somewhat unusual. "Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel plan to summon us in the evening. We shall soon resume our journey." Gimli nodded slowly, having recently wondered when they would set out again. His sense of time had apparently decided that as long as the Fellowship was resting, it could rest, too. As a result, Gimli did not know how long they had stayed in Lothlórien, but he was beginning to feel that their sojourn had come to an end. "Aragorn still debates what direction to take," Legolas continued. "He and Boromir were speaking of it as we left." Gimli considered this. He had sensed a growing tension between the two men, but he had not yet guessed its cause. This explained much. Boromir would no doubt wish to continue south to Minas Tirith, but the Ring-bearer's journey led east. And now that Gandalf no longer led them… "It may be that our Fellowship will be sundered yet again," Gimli said quietly, struggling against the pang of mourning that stirred in his heart. "That is also my thought." The tone of Legolas's voice indicated that this was a thought of great significance, and fighting back his grief for Gandalf, Gimli wondered at the elf's mood. Certainly another break in the Fellowship was not to be taken lightly, but there seemed to be more that troubled Legolas. Something beyond the threat of a second loss to their company. And he still did not understand why they were moving so purposefully into the northern areas of Caras Galadhon. Or why Legolas was of such a somber mien this day. But then, Gimli was beginning to get the impression that no matter how much time he spent with Legolas, the elf would always remain something of an enigma. "Gimli?" Realizing that he had become caught up in his thoughts, Gimli brought his attention back to their walk and discovered that Legolas was several steps up a stairway that spiraled around the trunk of a towering mallorn . "You wish to climb today?" he asked, already marshalling a string of protests. If the elf expected Gimli to endure a morning of awkward clambering through the trees, then the elf should have done something to put himself in Gimli's good graces. "No," Legolas answered. "Or rather, no more so than what this tree requires." Gimli blinked, nonplussed, and his protests faded. "You wish to remain in a single tree?" A strange look flashed across Legolas's face, but then it was gone, disappearing too swiftly for Gimli to interpret. "For now," the elf said. "Will you accompany me?" Gimli weighed his options, such as they were. Legolas seemed resolute in his course, which meant that Gimli could either remain on the ground and wait until Legolas deigned to return—a prospect that smacked so loudly of boredom, Gimli was hard-pressed to consider it a possibility—or he could follow the elf up the tree. All things considered, the tree was not a bad choice. "Lead on," he directed, appreciative of the fact that Legolas had thought to ask. It was the first time that morning that the elf had given any thought to the wishes of his companion, and Gimli marked this as progress of a sort. They ascended in silence, moving with the same sense of purpose that had brought them thus far. Elven voices could be heard in the boughs around them, laughing and singing, but Legolas paid them no heed. Gimli wished he could see the elf's face. These stairs were not wide enough for two to walk together, and Legolas had taken the lead. But the set of Legolas's stiff, tense shoulders spoke volumes. Then the tree opened up around them, the branches parting and the leaves lifting away. The stairs ended in a broad talan that encircled the tree's trunk and, mountain dwarf though he was, Gimli's breath caught at the view before him. Caras Galadhon seemed to glow beneath the morning sun, its golden leaves gleaming as sunlight sparkled off the last remnants of dew. The towering spires of the city stretched skyward, and a few silver lanterns winked beneath lush boughs as a gentle breeze ghosted away the last of the morning mists. The sight of such unmarred beauty lifted Gimli's spirits, and he turned toward Legolas, wondering if the elf would also find cheer. But Legolas had disappeared. Frowning, Gimli looked around in confusion. What grim purpose could drive an elf to seek these heights only to then abandon the view that such heights afforded? Unless the elf in question did not wish to have his grim mood lifted… Gimli's brow furrowed, and following a hunch, he turned his back on the grandeur of the southern view and walked around the talan until he reached the northern side of the tree. The view was much different here. Near at hand, the mellyrn filled the land, their golden leaves as bright and brilliant as any gem that might be found in the mines of the dwarves. But further north and east, the golden colors failed, and it was as though a heavy cloud prevented the sun's light from reaching the earth. The land lay under a shadow, brown and cheerless, until on the edge of Gimli's vision, he saw another forest rising. Unlike Lothlórien, this forest was dark and twisted, the trees crowded together as though to hide fell secrets. Even from within the safety of Caras Galadhon, Gimli felt his heart quail at the sight. "Beauty untainted can be difficult to bear. Beauty mixed with truth is sometimes more tolerable for those who carry darkness in their hearts." The whisper drew Gimli's eyes to the northeastern edge of the talan , and there he found his missing elf. Legolas sat with one leg dangling over the side of the platform, the other leg pulled up close to his chest. His hands were clasped loosely atop his bent knee, and his eyes were distant, staring northward into the regions beyond the fences of Lothlórien. "And what darkness do you carry?" Gimli asked, debating about venturing closer to the talan's edge. "Naught but the fear that darkens us all." "Yet it seems to cast a deeper shadow upon you this morning." "Perhaps." Legolas turned his head so that his face was in profile to Gimli, his eyes retaining their distant look. "Would you sit with me a moment? There is much that I would say." Trust the elf to make conversation difficult. Prior to Lothlórien, Gimli had never experienced any difficulty with heights, but the heights to which he was accustomed were found either on steep mountain trails or at the edge of deep underground chasms. Solid earth beneath his feet had always anchored him and given him confidence. Facing heights without the comfort of unyielding rock made for an uneasy Gimli. But Legolas would not have asked if he were not in earnest, and to refuse would betray the growing trust between them. More importantly, Gimli's natural curiosity demanded to know what was wrong with the elf, proving an effective counter to his unease. Wincing as the wood creaked beneath his step, he moved toward Legolas and seated himself beside the elf. He did not go quite so far as to allow his legs to dangle over the edge of the talan , though. A dwarf had limits, after all. "Turn your mind to Imladris," Legolas instructed quietly. "Turn your mind to the weeks before our departure, and recall the day that Lord Elrond asked if you would accompany Frodo. Do you remember how you answered him?" "Yes," Gimli said, his thoughts filling with the sights and sounds of Rivendell even as he wondered what Legolas might hope to gain from such memories. "I told him that…" Gimli's eyes narrowed with sudden suspicion, catching an expectant note in the elf's voice. "Do you remember how I answered him?" Legolas gave Gimli a sidelong glance, and a chagrined look crept over his face. "I was not far away when Elrond spoke with you. My apologies for listening where my ears were not welcome. Elrond had only recently approached me regarding the Fellowship, and I wished to know more of those with whom I would travel." Gimli pressed his lips into a thin line. "I suppose that I would have done the same under similar circumstances," he allowed, struggling to ignore the spark of anger that flared in the back of his mind. "What of it then?" "You recall