Before doing anything else, I must extend enormous thanks to my tireless beta Docmon, without whom this little piece would be completely inane. It's thanks to her efforts that it is only mostly inane, and to her I extend many fond and sincere acknowledgments. If only Sam could have added her to his impromptu editing staff… With Many "Fond" Acknowledgments… Samwise Gamgee was cultivating a large headache. This was, of course, an unwelcome development any day, but on this day, it was especially irksome because Sam had taken steps specifically designed to avoid a large headache. Earlier that morning, Rosie and Elanor had invited him to join their outing to the merchant sector of Minas Tirith, but having learned from hard experience that sensible people did not visit Gondor's crowded and deafening markets during the summer months, Sam had hastily declined, listing a number of duties that absolutely required his presence in the Citadel. He didn't think he'd fooled Rosie, but Elanor had seemed accepting enough and the two had left without him. Confident that he'd been spared both a headache and madness, Sam had relaxed and counted himself fortunate, a conclusion that was now proving to be a bit premature… "Why is there nothing here regarding my speech at the Council of Elrond?" "What speech would that be, Master Dwarf?" "A report of what transpired when Black Riders descended upon Dale! Surely you were not inattentive. You seemed aware enough to report your failure to confine Gollum." Struggling to ignore the raised voices around him, Sam rubbed his temples and wondered why this particular room of the King's House had only one exit. And why he had allowed Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli to sit so close to it. And why he had not chosen his own seat with greater care. "I thought your father delivered the bulk of that report." "Were you as inattentive as the elf? My father spoke of the Lonely Mountain, but I was in Dale at the time and it was I who spoke of their troubles. Mahal's beard, I begin to think that none of you took note of any concerns beyond your own!" Most of all, though, Sam wondered why he had thought that bringing Mr. Bilbo's book to Gondor would be a good idea. It had sounded harmless enough back in the Shire. In fact, it had been one of Elanor's first suggestions when Sam broached the idea of visiting Aragorn and Arwen for a year. She viewed it as a wonderful opportunity to check some of Frodo's dates and events against what had been recorded by Gondor's scribes. A sensible plan by all accounts, and Sam supposed that it might have stayed sensible had they kept it a secret. Allowing Elanor to tell her beloved Uncle Gimli that they had brought the book to Gondor was clearly a lapse in judgment. Allowing Gimli to persuade the minstrels that there should be a public reading of the book at the Midsummer's Eve festival was pure foolishness. And allowing Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli to read the book ahead of time in preparation for the festival was proving to be a mistake of monumental proportions. "Your situation was considered, Gimli, but there was much discussed at the Council. It could be that matters not pertinent to hobbits were forgotten." "Bilbo was taking notes throughout the Council. Nothing was forgotten . He simply failed to mention that both my father and I spoke!" They'd cornered Sam shortly after Rosie and Elanor left for the markets. Initially, he had tried explaining that he was not responsible for most of the text and felt a bit presumptuous about making any changes, but it soon became apparent that his protests fell on deaf ears. His current strategy was to let them argue with one another in the hopes that they would forget about him and allow him to slip away. He had high hopes about this plan, for it had now been at least several minutes since anyone had asked him a direct question. "Perhaps there was not room enough in the account for both of you." "There would have been room if lesser details had been omitted. In fact, this brings us to another concern of mine. There are many unnecessary things contained in this account, such as a certain passage regarding the Paths of the Dead. Specifically, the passage about my entrance. Why was this included, Samwise?" His hopes of remaining unnoticed destroyed, Sam sighed and reluctantly turned his attention back to the conversation. "Begging your pardon, but I didn't quite hear what you asked." "The Paths of the Dead," Gimli said heatedly, holding the book aloft. "Frodo wrote that I hesitated before entering. Again, I ask why this was included. And how did you even learn of it? I told no one!" "I…don't know how Mr. Frodo learned about it," Sam lied with a sideways glance at Legolas. "But I'm sure he thought it was good to include. It helps show how dark and lonesome the road was." "I told Frodo about the incident," Legolas said, neatly undermining Sam's evasion. "Arod and I were forced to wait for you beyond the threshold, and I was close enough to hear your words." Gimli's expression turned thunderous. " You told Frodo?!" "There is no shame in admitting your fear," Aragorn broke in. "We were all distressed by that road." "I do not deny that I was afraid," Gimli said sharply. "But the fact that a dwarf hesitated to follow an elf underground… That should not have been written!" "Peace," Legolas said, forcibly taking the book from Gimli. "If it is of elves and dwarves that you wish to argue, then let me remind you that my discomfort beneath that road's black trees was also included. Indeed, I may have the better quarrel altogether," he continued, pinning Sam beneath a fierce, elven glare, "for in the portrayal of various battles, the narrative is clearly in favor of the dwarf!" Sam blinked. "Is it?" "In your account of the Battle at Helm's Deep," Legolas said, his glare deepening, "there is special attention paid to the fact that Gimli was victorious in our little contest." Frowning, Sam searched his memory. "You mean he wasn't? I thought you said that—" "Whether he was or was not is of little consequence," the elf interrupted, flipping through the book. "What is important is that you say nothing of the battle before the Morannon, and it was in that battle that my number of kills greatly eclipsed Gimli's." "You shot stray Orcs from afar with your bow!" Gimli protested. "I opted to challenge the Olog-hai directly, and they were far more difficult to kill." "Now just a moment," Sam said, shaking his head in disbelief. "You mean to say that you played this game at the Black Gate, too?" Gimli shrugged. "It was but a small matter. Hardly worthy of mention." "A small matter?" Aragorn echoed incredulously. "It seems we view the event very differently, for I would venture to say that our entire army could hear you counting your slain opponents. Not only did they play their game at the Black Gates, Master Gamgee, but they continued to play it when we ventured into Mordor itself. Moreover, the competition became so fierce that they would accost either Eomer or myself and force us to follow them when they hunted enemies so that there might be a witness to verify the number." "And it is most certainly worthy of mention," Legolas added, his eyes burning. "Should you exclude it, this book is inaccurate. What shall those here in Minas Tirith think when the minstrels read of how a dwarf bested me at Helm's Deep and I did not return the favor?" "They shall think that dwarves are hardier and more capable than elves," Gimli said, clearly enjoying his friend's outrage. "And why should they think otherwise? It is true enough." "Only for those who refuse to see truth in its entirety," Legolas retorted, bending over the book and continuing to read. "What more on this count has not been portrayed accurately, I wonder?" "Mr. Frodo didn't intend to leave those things out," Sam said wearily. "He had to write a lot from what others said, and sometimes he couldn't find the whole story." "We made no secret of our contest at the Morannon." "Well, I don't remembering hearing about it." "Then perhaps—" "Enough, Legolas," Aragorn intervened. "We can discuss the Morannon another time, for there are things that I would speak of while they are yet fresh in my mind. In particular, I would like to… Legolas, may I see the book?" "A moment," the elf murmured, now turning parchment rapidly. "I am looking for other omissions." Aragorn frowned and moved as though to take the book, but Legolas shifted away. With a sigh, the King shook his head and turned back to Sam. "I question the wording of a certain passage, but that will have to wait until I have the section before me." "The wording?" Sam said. "It's not one of the elven words, is it?" "No," Aragorn said. "In fact, Frodo was quite talented when it came to elven phrases. I found no errors insofar as translation and spelling were concerned." "I'm glad to hear it," Sam said, with no small amount of relief. "And I'll admit to being a bit worried about that, too. Elven words can be tricky, I've found." "It seems to be the delight of elves to make things difficult," Gimli said with a sage nod. Legolas glanced up long enough to send the dwarf a dark glare. "And what shall we say of the dwarven language?" Aragorn asked, making another attempt to take the book from Legolas. "Indeed," Legolas said, moving his shoulder to shield against Aragorn's reach. "It is my belief that Khuzdul is possibly the most confounding language ever created." Gimli's eyes flashed at that. "Khuzdul was designed by Mahal himself." "Perhaps in the beginning," Aragorn allowed. "But the language has undoubtedly changed since then. I know that I find Khuzdul to be rather awkward." "Men and elves have no understanding of these things," Gimli said, turning to Sam. "And it is here I must pay you and Frodo a compliment, for your spellings of the few dwarven words in the text were very close to the dwarven pronunciation. They should go over well at the festival." "Thank you!" Sam said, wondering how long the sudden praise would continue. "Yes, I was quite impressed," Gimli said. "It was more than the elves managed. They could not even be bothered to inscribe the correct name of Khazad-dûm upon the Hollin entrance when they made the West Gate. They elected to call it the Black Pit." The dwarf turned toward Legolas and raised his voice. "A curious thing, is it not? And perhaps one that warrants an explanation. Legolas? Would you care to enlighten us as to why the elves wrote 'Moria' upon the western gate of Khazad-dûm? It was certainly not called such at the time." Legolas looked up with a pained expression. "Gimli, my father and grandfather had both settled east of the mountains by then, and I had yet to be conceived. Why would I know any more of this matter than you?" "Elves wrote the words, did they not?" "Nay, in that you are wrong. It was not elves but Celebrimbor who crafted the inscription, and Celebrimbor was of the Noldor. I do not pretend to understand their strange ways, and I have no inclination to try." "I do have ancestry among the Noldor," Aragorn said coolly, forcing his way past Legolas's shoulder to capture the book. "And all should be grateful that you have also the blood of Elu Thingol, else your line would have destroyed itself centuries ago," Legolas countered, attempting to regain the book but failing when Aragorn stood and moved away. Scowling, the elf watched him for a