Author's Notes: This vignette is a sequel of sorts to another story called "The Day After." Actually, it would be more correct to call it a prequel as it takes place a few days prior to its companion piece. Please be assured that reading one story is not necessary to understanding the other, but it's my hope that reading both will paint a more complete picture of an unusual friendship. There are several acknowledgements I need to make, but I'll do that at the bottom. However, here I must dedicate this story to the memory of Mrs. King, a teacher who instilled in me a love of both reading and writing. More importantly, though, she lived each day to its fullest. And with that, I'll leave you to (hopefully) enjoy. The Day Before Time is a strange thing. Ever it moves, persistent as a river in its wandering search for the Sea. And ever we move upon it, drawn toward a final day that is beyond even the sight of the Elves. But as I once explained to Frodo and Samwise, this river of time is not the same for all. Some brave the center, rushing forward to meet their fate with open arms and reckless speed. Others linger near the shores, tarrying in shaded pools where the currents are slow and quiet. Little choice do we have as to where or how our ship will sail; we can but endure the waters we are given. And at times these waters are difficult, for I am among those who drift about the shoals. Many are they who flit past me, moving so quickly that if I look away for but a moment, I turn back to find them gone forever. Gone like this day will soon be gone. The sun is low in the west, and already I feel the chill of evening as it washes over the steppes of Rhûn. It will be a cold night, and a silent one. The air is choked with tension. We have come here with the combined forces of many armies, and tomorrow we go to war. In anticipation of this, we have used this day for needed preparation, yet now the men in our companies are weary of it. Their eyes are restless and impatient, and they chafe for both the coming of night and the battle that is to follow. They look for the close of the day. But for me, the day has passed too quickly. The hours poured through my hands as water through a sieve, and ere long, the light was fading. Fell deeds now loom but a night's sleep away, and soon more lives will be swept from my view, never to be seen again. Gone like the day. Like time. Like the waters rushing toward the Sea… Once, I did not dwell overmuch on this. It was the lot of mortals to die, after all, and I felt no need to examine the subject further. I saw enough of mortals to be content with their fate. Indeed, at times I felt I saw too much. My father's realm was not as Lothlórien or Imladris, where the river of time all but stopped and its currents were naught more than a wisp of memory. In Greenwood—or Mirkwood, as it was then called—time's waters were harsh and unforgiving. Too often were my kinsmen flung into the rapids and dashed against the stones. Too often did sudden floods tear us from calmer waters and hurl us into paths we did not know. Such was the fate of those who served my father, and sharing in that fate, I counted myself fortunate that I knew little of mortals. My own world held so much turmoil. How could any hope to survive a world of even swifter torrents where life concluded almost as it began? Then I met a dwarf. I had known other mortals ere I knew Gimli. Some had proven to be worthy companions and allies. Some I even accounted friends, as far as I understood the term. But it was Gimli who showed me how limited that understanding was. Gimli forced me to look at sights I had never seen. Listen to sounds I had never heard. Consider thoughts I had never known. And because of these efforts, I have ventured into currents of time that have no place for me. Because of these efforts, I have tasted the speed and fury of a mortal life. Of course, my brief glimpses into mortality are but pale imitations of what Gimli experiences every day. A part of me is still mired in the reeds along the banks and will forever remain so. But swift currents have claimed the rest. My eyes stay upon Gimli as he is flung forward through time, and because I watch so intently, I am pulled along with him. The call of the Sea dwindles before the rush of wind and water, and life begins anew, pounding through my blood and drowning the sound of besetting fates. It is a heady tonic. A potent wine. I often wonder how mortals can withstand the exhilaration that drives their lives, but then I am reminded that it is all they know. Sometimes I wish that it was all I knew. I have been told by many that this should frighten me. That I have bound myself too closely to those whose lives are counted in years rather than Ages. And perhaps they are right. The waters I now sail will lead me to grief. There is no avoiding that, and I would be wise to fear what lies ahead. But my choices are my own, and my destiny I concede to none. What fear I might have for my own fate is swallowed by the tides of a friendship the likes of which I have never known among my own kin. I will not abandon that, and I will not fear what that friendship may cost me. It is what that friendship may cost others that frightens me. Turning from the sunset, I look to the armed encampment in the east. There are reasons for our presence here, but at the moment, those reasons matter little to me. War is war, and death is death. Not all of us shall survive this encounter, and in remembering this, I remember also that for mortals, this is a constant. Life is a journey they cannot survive. From the moment of their conception, death shadows their steps. Yet because they know this, they strive all the more to give their lives meaning, learning and growing at a rate that is nothing short of bewildering to the elven mind. They are driven by the very thing that will ruin them, and as a result of this drive, they bring to their world a light and a fire that the elves will never have. At least, that is the intended way of things. But for others…for Gimli…some of the fire has been lost. I may look upon the world with new sight, but my dwarven friend is closing his eyes. For even as I watch his journey upon time's rapids, he watches me. He pauses at the sight of still waters against the shore. And questing toward that, he brushes an edge of the silent pool that slows and quiets the elven mind. Which is something no mortal should ever touch. It has happened gradually. So gradually that I cannot name a time for its beginning. But I do remember a series of events some years ago in Ithilien that woke in me the first warnings. Gimli had come for what we both hoped would be an extended visit, but urgent matters called him back to Aglarond and he was forced to leave earlier than expected. His departure meant we could not inspect a peculiar vein of rock that Faramir had discovered within the Ephel Dúath. I know that Gimli had been looking forward to the excursion, but when he left, he expressed little regret. Rather, he shrugged and stated that it was an adventure we could save until later. It seemed a harmless enough statement at the time, and I thought nothing of it until it happened again the following year. As before, matters in Aglarond called Gimli away before we could carry out our plans in Ithilien, but once again, there was little regret for lost opportunities. Gimli felt that things could be put off for another visit. That was when the first of my fears was planted. Ever since, I have watched other incidents with growing concern, and at some point in the long years, the realization came: Gimli's sense of time has been altered. It has become…elven. Though he himself remains in the river's swift currents, moving through time at speeds I can never hope to match, his mind has been drawn into the shoals with me. He no longer feels the pull of fate. I do not mean to say that he has become complacent. A dwarf could never be idle, and Gimli is as busy as he ever was with projects and travels. But he is no longer driven to complete these things. He is no longer intent upon squeezing from life every moment that a day has to offer. If something remains unfinished, he is content to wait until the next day to finish it. Or the next week. Or the next year. But Gimli is mortal, and there may not be a next day, a next week, or a next year. Each moment he lives could very well be his last. It is a thought that fills me with choking despair, but it is a truth I can no longer deny. This coming battle could strike him down tomorrow, and this current day might be all that remains to him. Yet he will not recognize that! And if he continues on this course, he will never see the darkening skies or rising waters until it is too late! My fists clench at my sides as the sun dips below the horizon. How swiftly the day passes! How quickly it dies! Time has become such a fleeting thing. This day might have been our last day together ere the end, and already it fades into night. Yet even if Gimli and I both live to see another nightfall, what then? What if we survive this battle? And the next battle? And the next? What if the day of our parting is far in the distance? It would be no better a prospect for Gimli. A life but partly lived is no life at all, yet Gimli's current nature will not push him to live as mortals are meant to live. It may be that he will remember the brevity of his time here as he grows old, but by then I fear it will be too late. When the tides of age lap against him, his ability to race time will have dwindled, and all that he has yet to do will forever remain undone. Will he look to me, then? On the day before his last breath, will he ask me why I slowed his mind and stretched his days? Nay, he will not. He will grumble and complain. He will make some remark about elven sensibilities. And then he will turn the failing in upon himself, absolving me of all guilt. He will live out the remainder of his life regretting the fact that he did not do more and feeling the fault was his own. His last moments will be filled with bitterness, and after he is gone, there will be nothing left but ashes and dust and a potential never fully realized. Behold the price of our friendship. I am not one to give in to despair, but it fills me now, as vast and deep as the Sea itself. What great injustice did Gimli commit to merit such a punishment?