Horatio's Philosophy -0-0-0-0-0- Barnardo: How now, Horatio? You tremble and look pale. Is not this something more than fantasy? (Hamlet—Act 1 Scene 1) -0-0-0-0-0- Autumn, T.A. 3017 The first time the rider came to Erebor, the dwarves were unprepared. But not unaware. Warnings sent by both King Brand and the lookouts atop Ravenhill ensured the entire Mountain knew: A messenger of Mordor approached. The tidings spread quickly, sparking through Erebor like a growing fire. Words hissed and jumped from dwarf to dwarf. Fear fanned the fire hotter and hotter until the entire Mountain seemed ablaze. Fueled by both anger and dread, every dwarf headed for the main gates, and from whatever vantage point could be found, all watched the road to Dale. His eyes scanning the press before him, Glóin loudly cleared his throat and waited as news of his presence cut before him like an axe. Glóin had never put much stock in the privileges of rank, preferring to let his iron vouch for his worth. But today he was grateful for his status as a direct descendent of Durin; it meant he did not have to fight the crowd. A path through the gathered dwarves now clear, Glóin tightened his grip on his torch and stepped forward into the night. He shivered as he moved through a curtain of mist. Fed by underground streams throughout the Lonely Mountain, the River Running was a noisy waterfall plunging down the rocks beside the front gate, its spray a constant chill in the air. Glóin's torch flickered, and high above, rolling clouds veiled the stars. The whole of the Mountain seemed to fall beneath the shadow of a darkening gloom. Glóin could not help but think of the land associated with the coming messenger. Mordor . The name was ash in his mouth and ice in his blood. Even the thought of Smaug, terrible as the dragon had been, could not stir a dread so cold. There had been rumors that Mordor was active again. Merchants from Dorwinion and Rhûn spoke in harried whispers of a rising southern shadow. But an actual messenger from the Dark Land was much more than rumor. Glóin could only hope King Brand was mistaken. Or that this was an elaborate jest carried out by the men of Dale in singularly poor taste. But even mannish peculiarities would hesitate to make mischief of something so fell. Glóin's hand strayed to the comfort of the axe hastily shoved beneath his belt. A hush crept into the valley. The quiet rumbles of unease faded. Silence stole upon them, as inexorable as night itself. Even the Celduin Falls at the gate was muted. The fires of dwarven torches dwindled until they were more smoke than flame. Shivers that had nothing to do with the crisp autumn air raced up and down Glóin's spine. Steeling his resolve, he searched the gloom with keen eyes. He found a hole in the night. Glóin was well accustomed to the darkness beneath the mountains' roots, but this shadow at the end of the road was like nothing he had seen before. Darker than the darkest chasm and colder than the deepest well, it was as if Glóin looked upon a fissure in the world. As though something had wrested open a window to another world. A dead world. An unseen world. The dark maw lingered on the edge of his sight for a moment and a lifetime, holding Glóin's gaze with a loathing menace that froze his heart. Then it moved. Glóin staggered, released from a sudden stupor. The thud of hooves echoed against the Mountain walls, deafening in the stillness. Glóin shook his head, wondering if he could attribute such a normal sound to the movements of such a terrible creature. A rider it might be, just as King Brand had said, but it was a rider possessed of vile sorcery. Glóin would stake his forge on it. And as it drew closer, the encircling arms of the Lonely Mountain felt less like a stronghold and more like a trap. The sound of hooves continued until the rider reached the edge of the faltering torchlight. There the creature stopped, and the horse tossed its head sharply. The cloaked figure upon its back shifted. Beneath the black robes came a low hiss. "The hour is late for messengers!" a dwarf challenged. It was Thorin Stonehelm, eldest son of Dáin Ironfoot, but Glóin only knew that because he could see him. The confident voice that sounded so boldly in council debates carried but an echo of Thorin's usual power. "State your purpose," Thorin continued, and if Glóin had not known better, he would have said that Thorin was shaking. "Or if you have none, turn back and seek lodging in Dale. There is no place for you here!" "My business is with your king. Call him forth if you wish to know my purpose." The messenger's voice was like the grating screech of a chisel on smooth slate. Thorin's face was pale beneath his beard, but his reply was firm: "The King under the Mountain comes and goes at his own choosing." "Then I choose to await his coming so that my purpose may be known," the rider said evenly. "And I will remain until my purpose is concluded. Call him from his hiding hole! Only a fool refuses Mordor's summons." Angry murmurs rippled through the assembled dwarves. Fear gave way to fury. Not even the elves spoke so brazenly! Sensing the growing rage, the creature spurred his horse forward a few steps. A pale knife caught the gleam of the torches. "Challenge me if you dare," hissed the rider. "Challenge me and know a darkness greater than that of even your deepest mines." "Hold!" Glóin turned sharply at the new voice, and his eyes immediately sought the face of his king. Dáin was not supposed to be here. Not yet, at least. They had discussed this when news first came that a messenger from Mordor sought audience with the King under the Mountain. As a council, they had agreed to act with prudence: Dáin would remain beneath the Mountain until it was clear what the messenger wanted. But Dáin's eyes were resolute. Making his way through the parting crowd, he placed a hand on Glóin's shoulder. "Hold!" Dáin repeated, turning to face Glóin though his words were directed to all the dwarves. "We will hear this messenger. Afterward, he will depart. For as Thorin has said, there is no place for him in the Mountain." In a voice barely above a whisper, he added, "My thanks, Glóin, for your concern. But I will not cower before Mordor's slave." Dáin strode forward until he stood several feet in front of his people. Glóin would have liked to keep his eyes on him, but sudden movement caught his attention. Glancing back, his mouth fell open in protest as an enterprising dwarf hastened to the front of the press, taking advantage of the gap in the crowd that had allowed Dáin to pass. But where Dáin had been grateful for Glóin's protectiveness, this younger dwarf met Glóin's glare with a challenging look of his own. "Gimli—" Glóin began. "That which you face is that which I face," Gimli said coolly. Gritting his teeth, Glóin decided that Gimli had too much of his mother in him. He made a mental note to deal with his son later and turned his attention back to his King. "Speak," Dáin said. He held himself bravely, and only those who knew him well could detect the faint tremor beneath his armor. "What message do you bring from Mordor?" "Dáin Ironfoot, son of Náin, Heir of Durin the Deathless," the rider intoned. He did not openly scorn the names, but there was nothing in his voice that could be interpreted as respect. It was almost as though the titles were too lowly to be worth his attention, and once again, the Mountain rumbled with anger. "The Great Eye wishes for friendship with the Lonely Mountain. You will find him a generous ally. Rings will he give for this friendship, Rings such as he gave of old." Glóin blinked. At his side, Gimli inhaled sharply. A heated mutter rose and fell throughout the assemblage. Rings? Rings of Power? Glóin understood well the allure of such an offer. Thirty years ago, the same temptation had drawn Óin and Balin into the dark of Khazad-dûm. It was an enticing ruse, this offer of Rings, for it touched upon memories of glory and grandeur. But the dwarves had grown wise; accompanying memories of glory and grandeur were memories of deceit and betrayal. Dwarves did not forget betrayal. "Sauron must crave our friendship greatly to make such an offer," Dáin said, his words slow and measured. "What does he ask in return?" "Whence come these doubts? Think you so little of your own strength? Surely an alliance with Durin's Heirs is in Mordor's best interests. Or perhaps you are right to doubt," the creature continued, his voice dropping to a hiss. "Perhaps you should consider your own interests." "You have yet to answer the question," Dáin's said coldly. A whisper of breath that might have been amusement chilled the air. "As is customary in such matters, the Great Eye desires some show of good faith in return for his generosity," the rider said. "But it is no great thing he requires! He simply seeks understanding. Information." He leaned forward over the saddle. "My master wishes to hear somewhat concerning… hobbits . Share with me what you know! What manner of creature are they, and in what lands can they be found? For the Great Eye has learned that one of these was known to you for a time." Glóin's blood ran cold as a cavern pool. What did Mordor want with hobbits? More to the point, what did Mordor want with Bilbo? The last Glóin had heard of the little burglar, he had settled in Rivendell. Glóin prayed this was still the case. He shuddered to think of what might happen should the servants of Mordor find Bilbo wandering abroad in the Wilds. "As a small token only of your friendship," the rider said softly when the silence stretched long, "the Lord of Mordor asks this: find this one that was known to you. This thief. And take from him, willing or no, a little ring—nay, the least of rings—that once he stole. It is but a trifle that the Great Eye fancies, and an earnest of your good will. Find it, and three Rings the dwarf-sires possessed of old shall be returned to you, and the realm of Moria shall be yours forever. Find only news of the thief, whether he lives and where, and you shall have great reward and lasting friendship from the lord." The rider paused, and when next he spoke, the menace in his voice could have cooled the great smelting furnaces. "Refuse," he warned, "and things will not seem so well. Do you refuse?" Glóin struggled to collect his reeling thoughts. If Sauron had the power to offer Khazad-dûm, what of Óin and the others? There had been no word from them for twenty years. Glóin had resigned himself to the fact that his older brother was almost certainly dead, but to hear word of Khazad-dûm from a servant of Mordor— Glóin shook his head, turning his thoughts from the fallen. How did any of this pertain to Bilbo? What could be so important that Sauron would offer three of the dwarven Rings as well as darkened Khazad-dûm? Glóin's hands visibly shook at the thought of Bilbo in Mordor's clutches, rattling the axe on his belt. Gimli seemed no better, and the tinny sound of shaking mail could be heard throughout the Mountain. But Dáin stood fast, his shoulders set and his back stiff. "I say neither yea nor nay," he said. "I must consider this message and what it means