TwiFic Doctorward Contest Title: Shifting Winds Prompt #: 3 Pen name: PFKMan23 Pairing: Edward/Bella Genre: Family Summary: Edward thought he had his life planned out, but one little wrinkle changed things. Word count: 5,478 "Mrs. Newton, if you wouldn't mind waiting outside. We'll only be a few minutes." Dr. Cullen requested, hoping he wouldn't have to usher the woman out the door. Susan Newton was kind and well intentioned, but the word overbearing was too polite for her behavior. He knew that this was technically against protocol. However, on previous visits, it had put Mike at ease. Luckily, she left the room without complaint. "Mike, how are you?" he asked, getting straight down to business. "Good, I guess," Mike mumbled. "School going well? Keeping up with your classes?" Dr. Cullen continued. "It's school. You know, same old shit. Classes, games…" Mike sighed. "I think I can remember something about that." Edward chuckled. Even though a part of him told him to press for more, he knew he needed to take his time. Cases like Mike's were delicate at best. "Is your coach still riding you hard? Do you have to practice when you go home?" "Yep. He wants to make sure I'm keeping my tempo runs fast enough." "Didn't you say he said he was going to make the harder runs in the morning?" Edward wondered aloud, trying to recall their last conversation. "Yeah…" Mike responded as a resigned sigh escaped from his lips. "Mike. I don't think that's such a good idea." Edward cautioned, narrowing his eyes. "You need to rebuild your strength. Recovery is going to be hard enough without you putting more stress on your body. You might need to consider quitting for the rest of the year." "I can't, all right?" Mike yelled, throwing his hands up as he glowered back at the older man. "This is my one shot! My one shot to prove it to the scouts." "You said there was always next year," Edward replied dryly. "Well, there isn't, all right?" Mike hissed, slamming his hands on the seat. "Are you eating?" Edward asked, gazing firmly into his patient's eyes. "Kind of. Trying?" "What do you mean by that?" Mike's throat constricted. Edward knew he had to do something, or his patient would have been dead within minutes. As the young man's lungs grew heavier by the passing minutes, he fought against the tide that threatened to engulf him. "Deep breaths, Mike. In and out. In and out," Edward encouraged. "Please try to start breathing normally again. Take your time. Don't rush." Given his sudden reaction, Edward was worried. Even though they both wanted to deny it, Mike may have been worse off than he had anticipated. At this point, he knew he was treading on thin ice, at best. Every word, every gesture needed to be right, or else he would lose him forever. As he waited for his patient to calm down, he prepared what he was going to say. He knew he needed to be honest, but cautious. This was technically not in his field of expertise, but he knew he could do something, some that that perhaps other doctors couldn't — or certainly wouldn't do. "You're eating right and keeping track of everything?" Edward asked offhandedly. "Yeah." Mike mumbled. "Hmm?" "I am. I knew you mentioned I shouldn't, but I can't help it," he admitted sheepishly. "It's too hard, and it feels wrong." "Okay. Just know that for you to run well, you need to maintain your strength and to do that, you need to eat. Don't just stick with carrots, celery and cucumbers." As he looked back at his patient, he could sense the eye roll that Mike was restraining. "Mike, I get it. I know you don't believe me, but I do. Does your throat tighten when you look at food? Do you want to puke? Do you hate the thought of dinner? Do you avoid going out? Avoid the ice cream shop? Avoid restaurants in general?" He was only met with a reluctant nod. "You're where I was fifteen years ago. For me, I ran half marathons. Runner's high? It's addictive isn't it?" Edward spoke. "It is." Mike smirked. "I wanted to get faster. I needed to break 1:40 in the half. I was at 1:43. So close…." "That's only 3 minutes!" Mike laughed. "What the hell?" "Tell me about it. Just three minutes right? Just a few track days would have fixed it. Maybe a few 3200s or 1600s." "1600s. I hate running longer intervals," he grumbled, his eyes narrowing. "Me, too. And I still do. I mean they're helpful but…." "You hate every minute when you're running." Edward just chuckled and gave a sharp nod. "Anyway, nutrition is important. You can't run the way you want to without being fueled properly. Trust me. Running a ten-miler is hard enough well fed. But underfed? You're tired and ravenous. It really is not fun at all." "You really remember?" Mike asks, surprised at the revelation. "I don't just remember. I know. I still run and every so often, I get knots in my stomach when it comes to food. The stomach tightening, the nausea, the way I hate my body. Yep. Been there," he said offhandedly. "I'm still there, some days." "But…but you're normal?" Mike sputtered. "Normal?" he questioned, raising an eyebrow. "I disagree. I still get flashes every now and then. I have my good days and bad days just like anyone." "Shit." "Heh… watch your mouth," Edward replied only half-jokingly. "Your mother wouldn't appreciate the language." "Okay?" "Anyway… I get it. It's twisted, but I understand. But as your doctor, I'll do a couple things for you. First, I'll set up a referral to a therapist, as well as a nutritionist. Your therapist appointment will probably come through the mail or a phone call, but I can tell you, your nutritionist, barring other incident, will be Reyna Carlson. She's actually a registered dietician, as well as a peer counselor specializing in clients with eating disorders." "What the hell?" Mike exclaimed. "Hear me out. She's a peer counselor. She has her own story, too. We all do, Mike, so I think she'll be good for you. She also has some idea about how to work with athletes. I don't know what the both of them will have in store for you but…" Their conversation was suddenly interrupted by a sharp knock on the door. Holding up a finger, Edward half bellowed, "Yes?" "Dr. Cullen, your phone is beeping." A mousy haired nursed named Bree informed him. "I'm with a patient. It will wait. Please don't interrupt unless it's urgent," he commanded. With a meek nod, she was gone. "Sorry about that. She's probably new," Edward explained, turning back to his patient. "Anyways, so that's that." Seeing the fear and uncertainty in his patient, he continued. "Look, it's not going to be easy. You want to be the best you can be, eating disorder or not. We all want it, too. Just give it a try. If it doesn't work, we'll try another nutritionist and therapist." With some final words of encouragement, the appointment was concluded. Even though he loved his work, sometimes it was draining. And even though he meant what he said, he also felt a certain degree of fear. Edward Cullen had never disclosed that part of his past to most that he knew, much less a patient. ~~~~~~~~~ O ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ O ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Luckily, as the day progressed, the patients he saw were not nearly as draining. But there were still those times when he was bogged down by his job. "Dr. Cullen, your wife has been calling," said a nurse named Jennifer. "And you know this how?" he asked, quirking an eyebrow. "I noticed your phone was blinking, and she left a message at the nurse's station. I know you told her not to do that unless it was an emergency," she responded. "Well, I'll just talk to her tonight. I'm sure it's not that serious," he replied gruffly, turning back to his charts. When his thoughts turned to his wife, he could only shake his head. She was a great person and a joy to be around, but some of her ideas were hilarious at best. Painting the walls a putrid yellow with brown polka dots? He narrowly avoided that, thanks to a last minute intervention by Alice. Luckily, she had vouched for how absurd it looked. He wasn't so lucky with her warthog clock, though he did manage to avoid that thing, except for the occasional glance. Her attire was also an issue. Bella's outfits ranged from the outrageous, a blasted neon green tracksuit; to that disjointed frilly number he had seen her wear to work one rare morning. Those were just a few of her more recent escapades. And there was the blasted room she loved to call her craft room. Edward was sure she was a hoarder, or well on her way to becoming one. ~~~~~~~~ O ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ O ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ "Leah, I'm sorry we're meeting under such bad circumstances," Edward stated, greeting the dark haired woman who had entered the room along with his wife. Turning to Bella, he questioned "What's this about? Why do you have Damien?" "Tanya and I got to talking and she and I sort of became friends." she blurted, her cheeks turning a cherry red. "And?" "ShenamedyouandIguardiansofDamieninherwill," she chirped at a speed he didn't think possible in real life. "She what?" he exclaimed as he took a shaky step backwards and steadied himself against his desk. "She named us Damien's legal guardians," she whispered. "Okay?" Edward replied, rolling his eyes. "She did it a few months back, but I didn't have time to tell you." She flushed. "You didn't have time to tell me," he deadpanned. "Well you said months, and I've been around. When did you plan to tell me?" "I don't know. You and I? Work? The house? The thing with my parents? There just wasn't any time." Suddenly, the door creaked open. "Dr. Cullen? And, oh hi, Mrs. Cullen, I didn't realize…" "What is it, Lauren?" he snapped, glaring at the petite blonde. "I have the charts for…" she stammered. "Leave it on the desk," he sighed, carelessly waving towards the mound of files on his desk. "I'll get to it when I deal with..." motioning towards his wife and the baby in her arms. As the nurse jetted out, the darker skinned woman made her presence known. "I think that's my cue to go." Leah muttered. "Call me." Suddenly, they were alone. "Let's get this straight. Tanya named us legal guardians of Damien. But it still says nothing about why you have him." "Well that's what I was trying to tell you," Bella croaked, with tears filling her eyes. "Tanya and Alec were killed in a car accident this morning." Edward's chest tightened. Even though he didn't think they were close, he knew the pain of a losing a family member. A part of him wanted to hold onto his wife, but something still didn't sit right with him. He knew he might regret it, he took a step back and spoke what he thought he might have never needed to say. "Bella, I don't want kids. You know that. Hell, you knew that when we were dating. Nothing has changed. But most of all, you did it again. Not a phone call, not a text, no email. Nothing. You didn't think we should have sat down to discuss this?" " Edward , please," she sobbed, as tears began to line her face. "Bella, no. Don't you even dare. I thought we could work past this bullshit, but things just keep going downhill. It was small stuff at first, the wacky changes to the house, the nagging about this and that. I tried to let the little things go, but it just kept getting worse and worse." Bella tried