Mags Slate Mags had always been alone. This had been the case for the last 16 years of her life. Her parents had died in the failed rebellion leaving her an orphan at the age of eight. She had to face the harsh realities of life; starvation, disease and abuse to name few. But there was hope for the young girl. Her ability to make knots and weave baskets earned her the admiration of many a visitor from the Capitol. Naturally, they ignored the young girl from District 4 but paid her for her work. A pitiful amount but enough to survive. Then President Marcus Snow introduced the Hunger Games. A reminder of the war's failure. A reminder of how the Districts ranked in comparison the Capitol. But the worst part was that they made children aged between 12 and 19 compete in these games. This was no doubt their way of sending a message to the Districts that no generation could ever overcome the Capitol. Kyle Rosenfield from District 9 won the first ever Hunger Games. She was eight years old at that time but even then she realized how it affected the Victor, ultimately reducing them to a shell of the person they once were. For four years Mags got lucky. Her name was never called. She stood in the crowd watching as the escort called out two children who would then then be taken to the Capitol. They would be interviewed, paraded and ultimately killed. The Victor would tour all Districts and give a speech of how the Capitol was doing wonders for them but their eyes spoke a different story. Another talent Mags had was that she could register people's intentions by the look in their eye. But the fact remains she hadn't been reaped yet, so why should this year be any different? Reaping day came and Mags presented herself along with the others. She watched as escort Lily Dreaves drew a name from the bowl. "The female tribute from District 4 for the 8th Hunger Games is Mags Slate!" Mags went numb, unable to do anything but think I'm going to die. But considering the living conditions of 4, and her current life, maybe death wasn't the worst thing which could happen. Plus, who was to say that she couldn't win. Yes, the odds were stacked against her but there was always a chance. She was brought out of her thoughts by a couple of peacekeepers pushing her towards the stage. She stumbled slightly but allowed them to push her. Lily then drew another name; "And the male tribute from District 4 is Heinz Muller!" "No!" Screeched an old woman among the spectators probably the boy's grandmother. "He's all I have left," she wept, "He's all I've got left." "It's okay Grandma," a meek blond boy spoke from among the crowd. "We were probably going to die anyway." His eyes became unfocused and he let loose a hysterical laugh before saying, "Now we will be reunited with mother and father in Heaven. Death is a good thing Grandma. It's the best thing." The boy's grandmother didn't speak but she just pushed past the crowd to reach her grandson. That is until two peacekeepers halted her before they released her at an indication of a woman on stage whom Mags recognized as Mine Davidson, the commanding peacekeeper in the District. But just a few seconds later, a peacekeeper roughly carried Heinz to the stage while two others held the old woman while Mine brought her gun to the woman's temple. "Consider this woman a warning to those who cause trouble for the peacekeepers," her voice rang clearly through the area. She then pulled the trigger and the woman fell dead at her feet. Heinz screamed and tried to claw his way to her but the peacekeeper holding him carried him away from the scene. Meanwhile Lily tapped Mags on the shoulder and whispered in her ear, "You can say goodbye to them now Mags." Mags looked over the crowd and then looked towards Mine. Was there someone she wanted to say goodbye to? No. There was no one. Mags turned on her heel and followed Heinz and the peacekeeper. They couldn't reach the Capitol fast enough. Lily had showed them their compartments and went to bed immediately after dinner. Mags noticed that Heinz was dressed similarly to the Capitol children. So out of curiosity she decided to start a conversation. "So Heinz tell me about yourself," she said. "There's not much to tell. My name is Heinz Muller and I'm 15 years old. I lived with my grandmother and am about to join my family in Heaven," he replied. Mags winced at his response. The boy was certain that he would die. But to be honest so was she so she couldn't really blame him for that. It was the least they could to talk and console each other but she got a feeling that she would be doing all the comforting. "What about your parents?" "Well my parents died when I was twelve so I was put in an orphanage, you know? There were other kids their too, you know? Whenever I tried to make friends they would like beat me up. That's why I look so weak and fragile. I've taken a lot of beatings, you know," he said somewhat proudly. "So then one day we had an activity in which we were paired into a group of 4 and we had to befriend each other. But as soon it was over, the 3 kids in my group beat me up, you know? Then one day I saw some kids beating up a little girl and I tried to stop them but I got myself beat up, you know? Then we became friends but turns out her parents were alive and they came to take her home. So then once they saw me with her, her father blamed me for her state and like beat me up, you know? She didn't even bother defending me so I lost all hope that I'd actually have a friend, you know? Then slowly the orphanage was taken down and I was homeless and starving, you know?" Mags was expecting something sad and tragic but this was beyond pathetic and pitiful, tragic too but in a different way. "So how did you end up with your grandmother?" "It was totally random, you know? I just ran into her one day, well not literally, more like I saw her and thought she looked dangerous, like a powerful rich lady. So I expected her to beat me up because that's what all powerful rich people whom I was unfortunate enough to encounter did, but she just kept walking like she didn't see me!" He was somehow filled with adoration. "She probably didn't see you or thought that you weren't worth it," Lily commented dryly as she entered the room. That still wasn't enough to put Heinz off who happily continued, "I don't know, but it was really cool to cross paths with someone who looked so strong and not get beat up, you know? I wanted to be strong too so acting on impulse, I ran after her and said 'Please take me in. I want to be strong just like you.' She just laughed so I thought she was going to beat me up for sure, but she didn't and instead she let me tag along. Then eventually she realized that I was her biological grandson so she took me home and loved me and took care of me. She was really over protective but I didn't mind, you know? It was a nice change. When people asked her why she didn't give me much freedom, she'd say that she wanted to protect her little angel from the harsher aspects of life. It was a miracle." He had tears in his eyes by the time he finished. "How pathetic," Lily remarked as she began shuffling a deck of cards. "So who's playing with me?" The rest of the ride was quite enjoyable. The Capitol was a different world altogether. Mags saw huge skyscrapers and buildings everywhere she looked. The houses were practically mansions compared to the slums she was used to in 4. All in all it was a spectacular sight which the basket weaving girl from District 4 never expected to see. "Hey Mags?" Heinz whispered. "Yeah?" "Are the other tributes going to beat me up?" "I don't think the rules allow them to." "So they will once the games start," he replied dejectedly. "Hush now," Lily spoke, "We're about to be presented to President Marcus Snow. The stylists will dress you up and then you ride the chariots before the Capitol crowd. Remember to smile and wave, you'll need as many sponsors as you can get." A while later Mags had been dressed as a mermaid and quite frankly she felt stupid. At least she looked better than Heinz. Their stylist had dresses the poor boy as a merman thereby leaving his torso naked. Not that there was anything to see but scars and bones. Not just him but the tributes from District 7 looked ridiculous too. The girl had been dressed as a tree and the boy a lumberjack. Seriously, how creative could these stylists get? Even the horses looked better than they did. The crowd that had come to see them was gigantic. Probably twice as big as District 4's population. It sickened her to see how many people had come to watch 24 kids being paraded around before they were sent into the bloodbath. But she remembered Lily's advice and smiled and waved to the crowd. She even went as far as to wave her ridiculous tailfin for some bonus points. Heinz on the other hand just stood frozen in their chariot mumbling incoherently. The only words Mags could make out were 'me, beat up' and 'you know'. She put her hand on his shoulder and whispered, "Don't worry Heinz. I'm not going to let anyone beat you up. I promise." Heinz turned to look at her with an expression of hope and Mags's heart sank. She'd just made a promise that she'd have to break. There was no way Heinz could survive. Once the humiliation of the chariot ride was over, Mags and Heinz turned in for the night. Heinz fell asleep almost immediately but Mags stayed up. She probably had just a few more nights to live. Tomorrow would be a very important day, she'd have a chance to learn new skills as Lily had told them that there would be instructors but more importantly it was a chance to study the other tributes. If she was to win, she needed a plan. She needed to find a way to exploit the other tributes' weaknesses. With that in mind, Mags fell asleep to the sound of Heinz's soft snores. The next day proved to be disappointing. While Mags quickly realized that wrestling wasn't one of her fortes, none of the others seemed to suit her either. Her only skills were indeed basket weaving and making knots. So head on confrontations against the other tributes once the games started were out of the window. She'd have to play the hiding game and hope for the best. Amongst the other tributes, it was clear that one of the Careers were favorite to win. District 1 had siblings who were immaculate with spears. But the real threat came from District 2's male tribute, Jack Umberson. He was less of a boy and more of a mountain on legs who was very very fond of using a mace. The female tribute from District 2 Catherine Stewart was equally deadly but she preferred the use of a sword. The others were nothing special but the male tribute from District 6 seemed dangerous and the male tribute from District 7 was good with an axe. Mags's chances