A/N: It's that time of year, and the muses decided to combine a really good pre-war Rohan fic with Jefferson and Adams via another pair of leaders who happened to die on the same day for inspiration. Needless to say, I don't own them by any means; the things I write are only light extemporania. Faramir wouldn't have done that. He and Father might have wanted to, if they had heard what the slimy little man had said, but they would have been able to turn his words back on him, catch and reflect every weakness within the poisonous words, dealing the man a much more dangerous blow to his psyche rather than his person. Faramir might have even pitied the bastard. I am accustomed to recognizing such twisting traps. When I am in a more patient and forgiving mood, I can even navigate them with very little damage done to any particular party - I did grow up with my father and Faramir, two men who know very well the power of diction and tone. But after losing a horse, skirting entirely too close to an orcish raiding party while by my lonesome and not being able to take them down afoot before Theodred and his hotheaded cousin came riding by with an eored and a half between them, bearing their mix of teasing - which, although pushed well beyond the hilarity of my supposed incompetence, at least had the prince and his marshals laughing ridiculously, and a happily ridiculous Eomer was an easier one to take than a broodingly or angrily ridiculous Eomer, and I never quite believed Theodred when he insisted that his cousin was not always ridiculous - and odd wariness for our destination, - I had not visited the Golden Hall itself since I was Eomer's age, but no past visit had given me the slightest warning of what was to come, - I was disinclined to meet such insinuations with my usual level of diplomacy. Certainly, such a statement might be met with derisive laughter from most members of my family, or at least a raised eyebrow from my father and gentle chuckles from my brother and Uncle Imrahil, but I am capable of solving diplomatic quandaries with something other than a fist; I am not some battle-hungry callow young horse-lord who thinks with his spear first, his warrior's pride second. It just felt so damned good to punch the greasy git of a king's advisor. I'd gotten a decent amount of distance, too: Grima bounced once or thrice before sliding to a stop, his affronted screeching trailing off into a pained moan as he wobbled to his feet and hissed threats between clenched teeth. He was at least clever enough to stay out of arm's reach after that. Part of me was tempted to drive him from sword range, to a more or less permanent extent. Certainly enough disreputable-looking guardsmen lingering in the shadows had put hand to steel, but Theodred and his marshals stood with me, and I stood unafraid. But I was already acting too much like Eomer. I'd disappoint my family enough with my undiplomatic behavior already on display. "This is the gratitude Gondor shows her most generous ally when received as a guest? Behold the grace and courtesy of the stewards!" Once he stopped swaying with every unnerved breath, Grima was quick to reveal the fomenting bruise already forming against his sallow skin. "I know not why we should ever offer you so much as direction back to your own kingdom, let alone a horse and guide to the north and assistance for the costly wars that Gondor ever escalates to display its puffed-up military aspirations." He had already been treading thin ground, and it was more the sight of Theodred physically holding his cousin back from repeating my greeting to their king's advisor than my own inner restraint when my men were on the line that kept me to words. "Would that I could escalate the war and drive Sauron and his armies from our doorstep. If we could bring the battle to the Dark Lord's lands, it would save your borders as well as ours." "Perhaps in Gondor the king might abandon his lands to challenge spirits in their tombs, but here in Rohan, our rulers remain with their people during times of trouble. Here, we judge a lord based on how well he rules, not whether he is foolhardy enough to stand before the Black Gates and call for single combat. Lord or no, you obviously have little idea of how to treat with true councilors of a king. But that is why there is still a royal line with a future in our country and naught but servants better suited for a wine-cellar left for the house of Anarion." Grima's gaze had gone to a figure in white beside the king, which returned her to the cold, tight-lipped statue of ice she'd been upon our entrance. For just a moment, while Grima had been knocked to his back and had his eyes on me, she'd smiled, and it had made her look as young and lovely as my baby cousin Lothiriel. "While I'm certain that Theoden King would no sooner promote a man above his rightful station than my own father would, -" I severely doubted that, but never let it be said that I held all in Rohan in as low esteem as this man who could cut away such beauty with his eyes or Eomer, "And neither would any past King of Gondor, one wonders if the King of Rohan might not do well to promote a few more rat-catchers." Theodred quirked an eyebrow at this while Grima snarled, but Theoden himself seemed deaf to the matter. The king was old - younger than my father, not much older than Uncle Imrahil, but how heavily the years weighed upon him. Where any man who called Father a dotard would be quickly disabused of the notion and Uncle still seemed just as comfortable astride a warhorse as dandling a babe upon his knee, even if the latest child to receive such treatment was his own eldest son's son, the King of Rohan seemed anchored to his throne more by the thick robes and blankets bundled about his person than by the body trembling beneath them. Theoden King had viewed his son and nephew's arrival and Grima's journey across the hall with the same mien of tired befuddlement, and I doubted that it was because he possessed a more discreet temperament than Theodred or the frozen-lily-maid rooted at her king's side. Théoden King, when his eyes focused at all, seemed to send his watery stare from face to face, trying to match up the men and women in the current dingy hall to the ghosts of Rohan's past, doubtlessly finding us all malformed and lacking. Our surroundings certainly seemed worse for the comparison to the Golden Hall from my youth. Where once I had marveled at the bright tapestries and throngs of golden-haired riders and their ladies bustling purposely and boisterously about well-laden tables, mixing business and laughter with a frank openness that put my mother's seafaring people of Dol Amroth to shame, the stark decay of moldering finery, tight-lipped, fast-walking servants who fled the main hall as soon as their duties were completed, sullen guardsmen and seething riders locking eyes in anger from opposite shadows of the room, and notable absence of petitioners of the lower classes put me more in mind of a different court that I had known at age ten: this new Edoras was the court of a man in mourning, even if the subject of such grief was not yet dead. But who else might the kingdom be mourning if not Theoden himself? Theodred was as hale and hearty as we could ever be with the threat of Mordor barreling westward, Eomer was far too contrary to die before me, and their young kinswoman stood unbroken, if perhaps a bit fragile to my eye. Their people were troubled more and more from orc raids these past few months, but Theodred and his men had warned me that Grima - and therefore the king - would give the matter so little regard that the eoreds were forced to patrol without the crown's blessing, undermanned, undersupplied, and hiding their whereabouts from the snake in the Golden Hall, often meaning that they not only didn't know when aid would come, but they didn't even have a chance to coordinate to whom they'd be sending aid, either. I wished I could offer Theodred more help and hope than a vague dream and a public right hook, but mostly I managed to just make things worse for both of us. "Indeed, for we appear to have vermin following the prince into your hall, your majesty. Perhaps the guards had best show this impertinent foreigner your doors." Grima retreated to the king's side, issuing the suggestion as the order it was. Theoden remained mute. Fortunately, Theodred stepped out before the guards could seize me and haul me bodily out the entrance. "I will see the Steward's heir out, Father. I hope I might join Eomer in greeting you and Eowyn more properly once I have returned." His bow was to his father, but Theodred's brief looks of warning and sympathy were to his cousins. "To your health, wisdom, and long life, Theoden King." The courtesies seemed hollow when spoken aloud to such a lost old man, but I wished for them anyway, bowing mechanically in turn before leaving at Theodred's side as if anything had been accomplished here. "That was poorly done," he told me as we reclaimed our weapons outside. Theodred's tone was mild, but I of all people ought to recognize a politic reproof when I hear it. "Aye, you needn't tell me that," I agreed with a sigh. "I suppose I'll be banished from Rohan until you take the throne, if Father and Faramir will even allow me to return then," I predicted gloomily. "Who says that I'd allow you back even once we are in charge of our respective kingdoms? Perhaps there is some truth to the worm's tongue today." The prince was very good at maintaining a straight face, but the wind of the plains surrounding Edoras stole some of the gravity from his voice. Out on the stairs of the Golden Hall, still high above the village and out in the clean air and sunlight, our weapons reassuring weights back in their proper sheaths, we seemed as far from Grima's influence as Imladris. Wherever the Valar-forsaken place might be. I might let Grima get the better of my temper while distracted, but never Theodred. "You'll let me back. You need someone to punch uppity advisors for you." "I have Eomer for that," he laughed, though he, too, seemed to have his mind in other places, other times, other battles. We might have played together as children, but I reflected that I would never know the man Theodred had become very well, even if we fought different fronts of the same unwinnable war. At least he had Eomer, for better or for worse. "And you shall have your own court of uppity advisors to punch. But it will be many years yet before I take the throne or you the white rod, Bema and Grima willing." "So long as Grima wills it, then." Theodred grunted in agreement to the unspoken implications and I walked a little faster against the wind. The snake of an advisor might do everything in his power to insure that the ailing king never returned to health, but it would be suicide to see Theoden dead. There was less love lost between Theodred and Grima than my own father and Thorongil, and Grima did little to endear himself to the common man, either. The thought of Thorongil sparked an idea, however far-fetched, but it might give Theodred