A/ N: Tolkien owns them, I just tend the horses. Something of a sequel to "Up," though you don't necessarily have to read one to get the other. Erchirion needs more love. Erchirion's elder cousin was a master of horses, equal to the ruling Prince of Dol Amroth himself, if not the Rohirrim or elves. His own horse was impeccably mannered, confining itself to camp once he'd walked it along the boundaries without need for a tie-off and patient with the untrained children like Erchirion and his little siblings. As far back as the boy could remember, his cousin had been able to calm the most skittish of animals and comfortably ride anything in Gondor's stables, bringing Erchirion's own pony back to him without a lead when the youngster had forgotten his ground-tie. He knew when to be firm and when to resort to bribery with both steed and budding rider as he helped Imrahil teach his second son in the art of equestrianism. When Erchirion did goad him into racing over uneven ground, his older cousin could outpace and out-jump him just enough that the boy suspected he was holding back to watch Erchirion's own wild gallop. He never lectured the boy for taking risks as Elphir was wont to do - as long as they weren't particularly stupid risks - but for every run there was extra time spent walking beside the pony to cool it off, extra time spent picking hooves and brushing out the sweat, and extra water and grain once the horses were past the risk of exercise-induced bloat. This was usually followed with a small something extra for Erchirion as well, provided he did his chores without complaint, and his cousin was a companionable taskmaster, so the boy always looked forward to riding with Faramir. His eldest cousin, although certainly enjoyable to visit, was hardly as good with animals. Boromir was an indifferent horseman; seen trailing his big gray mare with a good-natured curse for about every third time he tried to bring her in from the paddock and preferring to leave her daily needs to the stable-hands after confirming the state of her care. The elder of Erchirion's cousins was good enough of a rider to usually keep his seat if his mare spooked or tried to take the bit in her teeth, but even the bold, brash man himself knew better than to try to ride Prince Imrahil's favorite spirited, high-strung gelding. So, all things considered, while Erchirion was glad to have one of his cousins ride to his rescue, he really would have rather it have been Faramir instead. It had not seemed such a bad idea in theory. With Boromir and Lord Denethor come to visit for Lothiriel's third birthday, everyone had been distracted with the baby or touring the city defenses or questioning how Faramir was coming along with his military training or staying neater and tidier than Erchirion was certain was humanly possible or at least making a game attempt to get Amrothos straightened up. Meanwhile, Erchirion was not jealous of all the attention his baby sister was getting, not like Amrothos who acted like he might waste away if the six-year-old didn't have someone watching him at all times - besides, Boromir had sat down with all four of them and answered all the questions Elphir, Erchirion, and Amrothos could throw at him until their mother insisted that they give their grown cousin a little time to rest from the journey and Erchirion had asked him the most - but Erchirion was getting a bit bored with the restraints and formalities imposed upon the prince's family during a visit from the Steward. And his father's gelding was languishing in the stables, unexercised and unsupervised… It had been too much to resist. Erchirion had snuck away to the stables and hastily assembled saddle, pad, and bridle while the groomsmen were distracted with their other charges. He had had some trouble slipping the twisted bridle over the uneasily tossing head, but it had gone on eventually with the aid of a mounting block, lead rope over the neck, and more carrots than his father or Faramir would likely have approved just before a run. The saddle girth was tight enough, as long as the leggy roan hadn't puffed too much at his inexperienced handler, and if the stirrups were too long, it was a simple matter to stand in them now and take them up later, once they were out of sight. In theory. In practice, Erchirion had lost his left stirrup almost immediately after prompting the gelding into a gallop faster than he had ever wanted, canting dangerously in the loose saddle as the right stirrup twisted about his leg. He tried to rein in, but the horse would have none of it, jerking the reins from his hands with a toss of the finely-dished head. Too frightened to regain the reins, the boy transferred his grip to the gelding's coarse mane, clinging for dear life as he tried to flail back to center and get loose of the twisted stirrup. Sensitive to his usual rider's every change in posture, the roan took this as further signal to bolt for the gates. Erchirion closed his eyes and grit his teeth against the jolting impact of every hoof. Whenever he'd ridden double with his father, Imrahil had coaxed the gelding into a smooth running-walk that made the boy's own pony's trot seem as pounding and uneven as a lame cow, but this was no gentle controlled gait he had gotten from the roan gelding now. The horse ran as if the Wargs of Mordor were clinging to its back, and all Erchirion could do was cling. "Erchirion!" He opened one eye when he heard Boromir call out to him. His cousin was astride his blocky gray warhorse, and the mare had put on every possible burst of speed, too proud to be outdone by a much more delicately-built new stable-mate. The roan attempted to run even faster, spurred on by the beat of the approaching pounding hooves, but Erchirion could feel the sweat dampening the gelding's neck as well as his rider's back and prayed that he could maintain his clammy grip until Boromir reached him. The roan had been bred from Rohhiric stock for speed and gait, but the gray mare had the stamina of a true warhorse of Gondor. If Erchirion could just hold tight, his cousin would catch up to him. Every clattering hoof seemed to send the saddle slipping further off-center, and the now-empty stirrups whipped between his calves and the sensitive horse's flanks. The dark sweat was beginning to build a layer of off-white lather against the gelding's mottled reddish coat and the big, slow heartbeat pounded nearly as fast as Erchirion's. They couldn't keep this pace up forever, one way or another. "Hang on!" Boromir called, trying to head the runaway off. His horse had pinned her ears back when Erchirion dared look past the gelding's neck, and both horse and rider strained for fluttering reins fallen below the roan's fine head. Boromir pulled ahead at last, herding the gelding to one side with a snaking bite from the mare to the roan's withers and an attempted sideways kick from the frightened gelding. Boromir cursed and withdrew his hand from the sudden lack-of-space between the horses, but what the battle-mare lacked in tractability she made up for in stubbornness and quick reflexes, dodging the wild kick with ease and loosing a warning snort that sounded almost contemptuous. Erchirion hadn't adapted to the sudden turn and deceleration as well as his cousin and their mounts. As fiercely as he had been gripping the gelding's neck, he did not come completely unhorsed when the saddle inevitably twisted out of place during the sudden turn, but was now more sideways than atop the roan and gravity was working against panic-strengthened muscles. "Easy…" Boromir cautioned both rider and horses, reining his warhorse in sharply now that they had at least halted Erchirion's initial untamed flight. The gelding still danced apprehensively in place, his muscles shuddering beneath Erchirion's grip, but the big mare's presence seemed to have taken the worst of the fear from him. "Easy, there," Boromir repeated, making another attempt at the reins. The wild-eyed roan shied away, but the elder cousin risked his own seat in a rough snatch at the dangling tassels. Both horses protested the sudden movement, and Erchirion dropped to the sea-grass beneath him, too winded by the force of impact to move out of the way of the heavy hooves. As strong as his cousin was, no man could entirely force a thousand-pound horse by physical pulling alone, and the bridle had not tangled to Boromir's advantage. Erchirion had not recovered enough breath to scream when the unshod hoof came down upon his arm. It could have been worse, the boy reflected as his elder cousin slapped the nervous gelding away, sending his mare to follow after making a hasty but less dangerously-angled dismount with a lead rope dangling from his arm. It could have been Boromir's shod warhorse that trampled him or Faramir or Elphir come to rescue him, if those were worse options for different reasons. "Erchirion? Anything broken?" Erchirion let out a small whimper, clutching his arm as his cousin helped him sit up. "Can you move it?" Boromir asked, a supportive arm around his shoulders. The horses had settled down to crop at the brine-laced grass lining the path from the stables. From the other direction, he heard the ominous sound of approaching footsteps in counterpoint to his mother's voice. He wriggled his fingers experimentally and bit his lip. "It hurts." "Your legs are fine, though? Didn't hit your head, did you?" A nod and shake of his head were all the response Erchirion felt up to giving. "Let me see your arm." Obediently, the boy presented his wounded limb, allowing his cousin to bind it with the leather lead rope. Then Boromir stood, hauling his younger cousin to his feet. "Now let's get your horse and check the tack." "Erchirion! Boromir! What in the blazes is going on here?" The Princess of Dol Amroth had caught up with her son, and she had not come alone. Even with Boromir's hand on his back, Erchirion trembled under the Lord Steward's gaze, and Prince Imrahil was uncharacteristically silent and expressionless. Usually Erchirion's father fought to control his amusement at the boys' worst stunts, but right now Lord Denethor wore a more genuine smile. "Just a riding lesson, Aunt Ainaelin," Boromir explained smoothly, as if they had planned this all along. Erchirion couldn't meet his mother's gaze. With but a genial wave to his elders, Boromir turned his wounded cousin around and hastened towards the horses. As if to save them the trouble of regaining their mounts, Imrahil whistled, and the gelding trotted up to him as if it were the meekest, mildest animal in the stables. Even the stubborn gray mare followed somewhat more slowly after the roan, chewing a wad of grass with pricked ears as Boromir caught hold of her reins. "His girth was loose, Erchirion," his father observed mildly, rubbing sweat from his horse's neck. The roan leaned into the prince's hand and whickered. Both Lord Denethor and Princess Ainaelin looked nonplussed at this observation. "That is the least of what has gone wrong here, Imrahil. Erchirion, get inside and we'll have a healer take a look at that arm," his mother directed. "What were you thinking, stealing away on your father's horse? The animal is barely half-trained; nothing you need to be taking 'lessons' upon. You're lucky Boromir was already mounted; the stable boys hardly heard you take off and then where would you be?" "In trouble, Mother," Erchirion answered dutifully, eyes on his feet. "Worse trouble," his father corrected, irritation lurking behind the bland, patient tone. The prince's face was blocked by horseflesh,