Disclaimer: Anything that you recognize belongs to the very talented J.R.R. Tolkien, and that unfortunately includes a certain elven prince :(. A/N: Okay so I decided to give this a try, I'm not usually into the A/U stuff but I decided to see if I could pull it off. Your feedback would mean a lot to me so please let me know what you think. Again, A/U isn't my usual style but I'm experimenting here. Worlds Apart: Chapter 1 Maya was late for work. There were a whole series of events that led up to this. First the alarm clock didn't go off at the usual 6:30 in the morning, so instead of having time to shower and make sure she looked somewhat presentable, Maya woke up at 7:00 with just under 15 minutes to get ready and out the door. The second problem was that the espresso machine didn't start and a day that began without her morning caffeine fix was going to be a bad day indeed. Groaning in frustration, Maya had raced out the front door of her apartment, still pulling her arm through the sleeve of her coat and ran like hell to catch the subway. This was not good. She'd only just gotten promoted from an intern to an actual staff writer for National Geographic and now she was going to blow it, all because of her stupid alarm clock...and the lack of caffeine was just making her cranky at this point. Trying to run through a New York subway station at rush hour was just nuts, even Maya knew it was futile at this point but she just couldn't be late. No, not after her editor had pulled some serious strings to get her this job. Yea, way to make a good impression by being late for your second day...Not to mention the editorial meeting she would probably have to barge in on, earning her more than a few disapproving stares. "Shit!" cursed Maya as the subway doors closed just before she could get on. Great. She was going to have a wonderful time explaining this one. When she finally ran into the office, out of breath, hair flying in all directions she was half an hour late. She groaned as she caught sight of her editor standing outside their conference room, arms crossed and tapping his foot nervously. He gave a sigh of relief as he saw her running towards him. "I'm so sorry Tristan," she apologized. "Come on Maya, I got you this job because you were so eager and that was part of why my boss was okay with it. This just makes it look like you don't give a damn and it reflects badly on my judgement." he said giving her an exasperated look. "I know, I know this looks bad," she tried to explain, "But my alarm clock didn't go off and-" "Don't worry about it now, let's just get in there," said Tristan, "This can't happen again." She shot him a grateful look before they entered the conference room and took their seats around the table. Just as Maya expected, she was met with several disapproving stares, some of the room's occupants even shaking their heads. Of course, they were now thinking about how young and inexperienced she was, and what the hell was a 26 year old doing in a full-time reporter's job at National Geographic? The other senior writers had been extremely skeptical and unsupportive of Tristan hiring a young intern full-time and Maya's stunt this morning had given them even more fuel to add to the fire. Pretentious assholes... "Nice of you to join us, Ms. Evans," came the curt voice of Mr. Brown, the magazine's Senior Editor. "I trust that for the next meeting we can expect you on time." At that moment, Maya just wanted to die. She wanted the floor to open up and swallow her whole. After a few seconds, she managed a small nod and tried to avoid making eye contact with the rest of the room. "Now," said Mr. Brown, shuffling the papers in front of him, "Our cover story for the month is going to be about the embalming practices of ancient Egypt, apparently some Egyptologists in Cairo have new evidence that liquifying and removing organs was not as widely practiced as we thought. Darlene, I'm putting you on this one," he said pointing to the frigid-looking woman on Maya's left. The editorial meeting went on for hours until all of next month's stories were given out and all presentations were made. Maya got stuck with some five hundred word blurb on Richard III's skeleton. Yes, this was really cool, but there was no way she was going to get a chance to prove herself with just five hundred words in an entire magazine. She'd also probably get content cut so they could fit in more ads. Maya suspected Mr. Brown was making an example of her tardiness with this assignment, it was actually the shortest one he gave out during the whole meeting. When the meeting ended, Tristan came up to her and put a hand on her shoulder, giving her a small smile "Don't worry about it Maya. Just do really well on this and prove him wrong. I believe in you." Maya managed a small smile in return, "Thanks." Tristan was cute with his short brown hair, golden brown eyes and nice smile and he was just a year older than she was. Most of the women at the office were attracted to him and they loved to ogle him, which kind of made Maya roll her eyes at them. She would admit he was good looking but she just couldn't think of him that way, he was more like a brother to her than anything. Ever since she'd started out as an intern at the magazine, Tristan had taken her under his wing. They became fast friends and would often hang out outside the office, but here he was her boss and sometimes that was harder to remember than she thought, especially when all she wanted to do was joke around with him. "Any big plans for tonight?" he asked, "It's Friday so I was thinking of going down to Molly's pub later for a drink, I need to unwind. Wanna come with?" "Nope, no plans. Just me, myself and I," she said trying to be humorous, but Tristan didn't seem to buy it, "I think I'm gonna stay in tonight but thanks for the offer." That was Maya. Aside from her friendship with Tristan, she had one best friend in the whole world; Jen. They used to do everything together, sleeping over at each other's apartments, going out for drinks, but that had all changed when Jen began dating Justin. It wasn't that Maya didn't like Justin, he was perfect for Jen in every way, but having him around meant that she saw less of her friend that she liked. Now, more often than not she ended up home alone watching movies on a friday night while her best friend went out on dates or cuddled up with her boyfriend. Not that Maya minded this too much, she was a homebody by nature, and thought nothing of declining invites to stay cozied up in her apartment. Tristan shrugged, "Suit yourself. You really should get out more though." As he made to walk away, her voice called him back "Hey Trist?" "Yeah?" "Do you really think I can prove myself here?" she asked, biting her lip. He smiled "Definitely. Call me this weekend okay? I wanna make sure you're still alive." "You bet." ... Maya entered her apartment at 4:00, throwing her keys on the counter and setting her briefcase down. She made her way to her bedroom, on a quest for her favourite pair of pyjamas bottoms. Yes, it was early, and no, she didn't care about looking like a total slob. After all, no one was going to be seeing her. After throwing them on, she looked at herself in the mirror and groaned. By anyone's standards, she was pretty with her long, wavy strawberry blonde hair and her green eyes. She'd always been told she had amazing eyelashes, and when she closed her eyes they looked like little black broomsticks had been attached to the lids. Her lips were full and pink, a nice contrast from her pale skin. What Maya saw when she looked in the mirror tonight was someone tired. Those dark circles under her eyes certainly weren't doing anything to help her looks. It was all the stress, she had worked so hard in Journalism school only to jump from small paper to small paper and then by some miracle she had managed to land an internship at one of the most popular magazines in the world. After a year and a half of slaving she finally landed a job at said magazine and had a wonderful editor. The only problem was, she was still the new kid on the block and she had a long way to go to earn her place. Maya moved away from the mirror, back towards the living room where she pressed the button on her answering machine and soon a familiar voice sounded from the device. "Hi honey, its mom. I'm just calling to see how you're doing. Dad wanted me to tell you that he sends his love. We're so proud of you for getting that job, now you just have to meet a nice boy. What about that editor of yours? Trevor? You two seem to get along so well. Anyway...We love you, Call us back okay?" Maya groaned. Leave it to her parents to push the dating issue. Even though she loved her family, there was a reason she'd moved away from Maine., they could drive her nuts sometimes. She was an only child and ever since the split with her last serious boyfriend three years ago, her mother was constantly trying to set her up or pushing her to go on dates. It was like she was eager for grandchildren already or something. Maya was 26 years old, she had time, lots of time for marriage and kids, there was no use rushing it, especially when she had her career to consider. Besides, deep down some part of her was still holding out for the perfect man. Too bad he didn't exist... Picking up the phone, she dialled Jen's number. "Hello?" came the voice on the line. "Hey Jen, its me." "Hey! I was just about to call you? How was your day?" asked Jen. "Ugh... I screwed up Jen." said Maya, sitting down on her couch and turning the TV on. "What happened now? Its your second day, how could you possibly screw up so fast?" "My alarm clock magically didn't go off this morning and I waltzed into an editorial meeting half an hour late." said Maya, cringing at the thought. "Ouch, so sorry to hear that love. Well if its any consolation, I have to go to diner with Justin's parents tonight...that should be real fun. If you don't hear from me later, its because I've killed myself. Honestly his mom is a complete whack job!" groaned Jen. Maya smiled, leave it to Jen to cheer her up. "I miss you, when can we hang out?" Jen gave a small laugh "I miss you too. How about we make it a girl's night next friday?" "That sounds like a plan." "Great! Listen, I've got to go but I'll talk to you later. Try not to stay cooped up in your apartment all night okay? Love you!" said Jen. "Kay, love you too." said Maya before hanging up the phone. She turned her attention to the TV screen where re-runs of How I Met Your Mother were playing. This was looking like a typical, run-of-the-mill Friday night, at least she had Barney Stinson and the gang