Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Some dialogue comes directly from the book in the Malfoy Manor scene. Synopsis: When Hermione Granger learns that her boyfriend, Draco Malfoy, is hiding a dangerous secret, can he convince her to trust him again by taking an unbreakable vow? Rating: M Prompt : "You're mine." "Of course." "Forever?" "Yes." "Prove it." "How?" "With an unbreakable vow." Writer: DayDreamer1123 Beta: MrBenzedrine Sixth Year Valentine's Day Hermione Granger stuck her head around the corner and watched as Draco Malfoy paced back and forth three times in front of a blank wall. A door appeared, and he rushed inside, slamming it behind him. It disappeared again a moment later. Glancing around to make sure nobody was coming, Hermione made her way to the wall. Beginning to pace, she thought, Show me where Draco Malfoy is hiding, with each of her three turns. Nothing happened. She considered for a moment and started over. This time, her mind's mantra was, I need to find my Valentine. On her third turn, a door appeared. She smirked as she stepped inside. Of course, he hadn't thought to protect against that. The room she entered was cavernous, full to brimming with junk and treasure alike. And her blond-haired boyfriend was nowhere in sight. For a moment, she paused and considered turning around and leaving. She could trust Draco. She knew she could. They'd been together for almost three years now. And though they couldn't risk telling anyone, she knew that he'd never betray her. Harry's ramblings had slowly seeped into her mind over the last few weeks, though, and she couldn't help but notice that Draco was acting odd lately. He seemed exhausted all the time, almost sickly, and he'd disappeared so often she couldn't keep track. This time, when he'd ditched her on Valentine's Day, she wouldn't let it slide. Hermione steeled her resolve and took a step further into the graveyard of forgotten objects, wondering how she'd track Draco down in that mess. And then she heard a loud bang, followed by a growl of pain and angry muttering. Giggling silently to herself, Hermione followed the noise. When she was just one row away from where she now knew Draco stood, she could finally make out bits and pieces of his muttering. "Bloody vanishing cabinet…. How can I get…. Death Eaters into Hogwarts…. Parents…." The last was smothered by the sound of a kick to the cabinet in front of him. Hermione froze. Was he really looking for a way to get Death Eaters into Hogwarts? She listened harder. "Everything comes back broken," Draco mumbled. "They'd die trying to come through this wretched thing." She'd heard enough and was now fairly certain of his plan. The pain of Draco's betrayal cut through her like a knife. Tears slid down her face. How could he? So many times in the past, he'd protected her, warned her, used their banter to tell her to hide from a coming danger. And now he was bringing the most dangerous people she knew into their school sanctuary. Stepping around the cabinet, Hermione came face to face with the boy she'd come to love. His sleeves were rolled up as he worked, and her eyes automatically went to the Dark Mark on his arm. How could he? "Why?" she spit out. "I thought I meant something to you. That we were going to find a way to bring you into the Order." A sob escaped as she finally met Draco's eyes. He looked absolutely stricken. "Hermione—" Draco reached out to pull her into his arms, but she flinched and stepped back out of his reach. Flinched as if she was afraid of him. Her big, brown eyes were watery, and all he wanted to do was tuck her bushy hair behind her ear and kiss her tears away. But that wasn't an option right now. It was time to tell her everything. "You do," he said. "You mean everything to me. You don't understand." She glared at him. "Maybe I would if you'd have shared it with me. But why would you do that when you're betraying me and trying to get my friends killed?" Draco shook his head. "No. I'd never. It's—it's my parents. He'll murder them if I don't do what he says, if I don't find a way to get the Death Eaters into the castle. And I have to...kill Dumbledore." She jerked back, terror contorting her face. "No." She stared at him as if he was a stranger. "But I'm not going to do it, Hermione. I went to Dumbledore and told him everything when we came back to school. He asked me to follow the plan and said he'd make sure everyone is safe. He's working with Snape. They'll make it look like I at least tried...and maybe save my family." Draco stared into his lover's eyes, praying she'd understand. "You expect me to believe you now? You only told me anything because I caught you." Hermione wiped the tears from her cheeks. "You're mine. Or you're supposed to be. But I don't even know if I can trust you." Draco stepped toward her before stopping himself. He needed to find a way to regain her trust. "Of course. Of course I'm yours. And you can trust me. I love you." "Forever?" she asked. "Or just until you become a full-fledged Death Eater and the time you spent with the mudblood is relegated to memories?" She was so angry with him he could practically feel the emotion rolling off her in waves. "Yes. Forever. I swear." "Prove it." Hope filled him. He would, whatever it took. "How?" She stared off into the distance for a moment, and he could see the gears in her mind working in overdrive. Then her eyes met his, full of challenge. "With an unbreakable vow." His heart fell to his feet, and he hesitated before answering. But he knew Hermione Granger was worth it. "Okay." Hermione could feel her anger deflating. "Wha—?" Was he serious? He couldn't be. She'd barely even meant it. But it would be the best way—no. "Hermione, speechless. I never thought I'd see the day," Draco teased, snapping her out of her trance. "Shove it, Draco." This wasn't the time for their banter. "You can't be serious. You wouldn't really make an unbreakable vow. I couldn't ask that of you. People change. Commitments do. We can never be sure we'll always actually…." This time when he reached for her, she let him pull her into his arms. He swiped her curls from her face. "I do mean it. And I trust you to find the right vows. I don't want your questions about me to add to the stress you already have taking care of Potter and the Weasel. But," he looked down at her, "who could perform the spell? Nobody knows about us." Hermione battled her conscience, but she couldn't resist. She wanted this. With a grin, she said, "Well, there is one person who knows. You remember that time in the library?" He groaned. "Fine. Let's track her down and get this over with." Hermione smiled. "I don't think that'll be a problem. She's been a bit worried about me and insisted on waiting down the hall." Hermione hurried to the entrance of the room, Draco slowly following behind her. She opened the door, and a redhead looked around the corner at the far end of the hall. "Ginny." Hermione waved the witch forward. "Come here." Ginny quickly made her way to Hermione and slipped into the room. The door closed behind her, and she stopped to stare at the cavernous room full of junk. Then she turned to Hermione and Draco. "Malfoy. What evil plans are you brewing in here?" Her eyes sent daggers in his direction. He glared back. "Weaselette. I don't think that's any of your bloody business." As they continued to bicker, Hermione only half listened while she jotted down some notes for Ginny. "Enough," she said when she'd finished. "Ginny, we need your help. Draco's agreed to make an unbreakable vow." Handing her friend the list of promises, she continued, "This is what I want you to ask him." Ginny gaped at her, glancing from the list back to Hermione. "You can't be serious. The ferret is doing this willingly. Why? And why would you ask him to?" Hermione shook her head. She didn't need to give Ginny the details. She was tired of her friend's judgment of their relationship and wouldn't have brought her into this if she had any other options. "Can you please just do it?" "Fine." Hermione turned to Draco and held out her hand. He slid his into hers and met her eyes. Raising her wand, Ginny began. "Draco Malfoy, will you swear allegiance to Hermione Granger and the Order throughout this war?" Without moving his gaze from Hermione, he said, "I will," and a fiery strand snaked out of Ginny's wand and wrapped around their clasped hands. "Draco Malfoy, will you swear to protect Hermione Granger to the best of your ability?" Hermione shot her gaze to Ginny. "That's not on my list—" "I will," Draco responded, ignoring Hermione's objection. And a second fiery strand joined the first. Hermione fumed. She didn't need anyone's protection. "Draco Malfoy, do you swear to tell Hermione and the Order about any plots you know of against them?" "I do." "And finally, Draco Malfoy, will you swear to meet Hermione Granger the day after the war ends—if you're both still standing—at the spot where you shared your first kiss two summers ago?" Hermione hadn't been able to bring herself to write down the city or specific spot. She didn't want the memory overshadowed by this one. "You mean where Granger first kissed me ?" Draco smirked and raised an eyebrow at Hermione. She narrowed her eyes at him. "I don't know what you're talking about. Just answer the question." His expression turned serious. "I will." And one last fiery strand wrapped around their hands. Ginny lowered her wand, and the strands disappeared into their skin. "I think I'll leave the two of you alone now," Ginny said, rushing to the door. "Yeah, after that stunt you pulled you better run away," Hermione called after her as the door swung shut. She turned to Draco. "I'm sorry. I really do believe you. I was just so shocked and angry. I never should have let you go through with that. And Ginny shouldn't have added her own little vow to it." "I didn't swear to anything I wasn't already planning to do. And I can't blame the Weaselette for wanting you to be protected." He placed a finger under her chin and lifted her face so her eyes met his. "I love you." Hermione jumped into his arms and crashed her lips onto his. It would be okay. She knew it would. They were meant to be together, and Dumbledore would get Draco out of this mess. Hermione would be the one to protect him . As she did with everyone she loved. A Little Over One Year Later Malfoy Manor They had avoided capture for so long. She knew her wards had been flawless. But Harry had to be stubborn. He had to say the name. And now they were being dragged by Snatchers into Malfoy Manor. The last place she wanted to go. Tied up on the marble floor of the lobby, she waited as the one person who could recognize them was called down. And then he was there, his silver eyes meeting hers, pupils dilating with his panic. What would he do? They knew who she was. Her picture was in the newspaper. And if he tried to protect her, he'd be killed. But if he didn't, her unbreakable vow would still destroy him. Realizing she hadn't been listening to the conversation, she tried to focus. Draco was shaking