Authors Note: Hi everyone, this is my first attempt at a FanFic. I have big plans for this story, and I intend it to be long (over 150,000). I've decided to do the infamous 'OC gets dropped into the wizarding world' trope, but don't worry I'm going to do my best to avoid any MarySue-ishness. I'll be messing with canon from book 6 onward, but I'll try and avoid making characterstoo OOC. Also, I'll be mixing canon from the books and movies together. I don't expect this fic to be overly serious, and I hope anyone who reads it is open to a bit of absurdity. Please R&R, as I would love to know if you want more! Disclaimer: All canon plots and characters of the Harry Potter franchise are not my property. Obviously. Chapter 1: Eventful Changes Up until this point, life had been entirely uneventful. However, on this day, there was a strange electric current that made the air heavy, and buzzing. Laying in her bed, with her eyes still closed, she attempted to remember the dream she had been having. All she could recall were snippets of color, and material. Warm colored stone, a green landscape with soft crisp veil of mist, but no discernible message or reason to the dream. With her mind still cloudy with sleep, she felt a charge in the air. It felt like a presence, and in the hazy early morning half-light of her room, she felt a twist in her stomach and a reluctance to open her eyes. Slowly, her tension receded as she began to hear her home waking up. She could hear her mother shuffle her slippered feet on the oak floors, one of her siblings in the bathroom with the faucet running, her father…was definitely still asleep, because he was a smart man, a man who knew that it was Saturday, a man who wholeheartedly believed no one should wake up before the sun on the weekend . She was a firm supporter of her father's philosophy, unlike her mother, sister and brother, who seemed to jump out of bed every day with a ridiculously optimist flourish of their pajamas, bright eyes and easy smiles, ready to kill everyone with kindness. As the smells of coffee, bacon and pancakes began to creep into her room, she snuggled further in her bed, decidedly cozy and content to remain there. Her body, however, felt a twinge of hunger at the delicious aroma of her mother's cooking, and she decided it was time to face the day. She kicked off her covers, checked the time on her phone which read 5:13, and began hunting for her slippers in her room (which her mother affectionately referred to as Chernobyl). Finally, having located her slippers, she put them on along with her cream colored floral robe, and went to brush her teeth and hair. She walked to the kitchen, pulled by her gurgling stomach. Her mother gave her quick glance from where she stood, frying bacon in her pajamas. "Well, this is a nice surprise, have you decided to embrace this lovely morning, Mis?" Her mother said wryly, tilting her head and raising an eyebrow. She smiled at her mother's words. "No, and I won't be coherent until I mainline some coffee" Mis grumbled good naturedly. Her mother pointed to the brewed coffee pot next to the sink, and Mis walked over groggily to fixed some for herself. Halfway through the cup, her eyes began to open fully. Her mother placed a small stack of pancakes in front of her already doused with maple syrup with a pad of sweet cream on the top. It was mostly silent in the kitchen, expect for the homey sound of her mother cooking. Mis' brother walked into the kitchen dressed in a pair of oil stained jeans and a maroon sweatshirt, saw her sitting at the table and narrowed his eyes in mock suspicion. "Yes, I'm awake, Yes, it's probably a sign of the apocalypse." she said with an impatient wave of her hand. He nodded his head solemnly. "As I thought." he confirmed solemnly, turning to their mother "Mom, gather the canned food, I'll seal the doors, apparently the end in nigh." Her brother said dispassionately. "Alright hon, I'll get on that when the bacon is done" she said without looking up. "Hilarious" Mis deadpanned, taking a sip of coffee. Her brother loaded up his plate with fruit, pancakes, and a small mountain of freshly cooked bacon, then sat down on the bench in front of the kitchen table. He then proceeded to shovel food into his mouth at an alarming rate, Mis sighed in exasperation. "Really?" she said, "We're trying to maintain a modern society here. With the way you're wolfing down those pancakes, I expect for us to be set back at least 500 years from your eating display alone." She quipped, the coffee activating her mind into it's regular state of playful sarcasm. In response, he opened his mouth full of food at her. "Such dignity." she said, fighting the urge to smile. "Oh, Mis could I borrow your car? I've gotta go to the junkyard to get a couple parts for the Vette." Said her brother. "Come on, Ryan. You were there like three days ago, what could they have possibly gotten in three days?" She argued. "Maybe I have a life too, maybe there are places I want to go." She said, slightly annoyed. "You went to Bookman's yesterday, there is literally no way you have anywhere to be." Ryan said with a steady look. His statement was, of course, correct; however that didn't stop her from being a little offended. She had the intention of staying in today and sorting through the books she had gotten, so she heaved a long-suffering sigh "Fine, but you better wash it after, don't skimp on the detailing either, that goddamn dustpit junkyard dirt got all over my baby last time and it took me an hour and a half to scrub off that grime." she said, pointing her finger at him threateningly. "Language." her mother said crossly, "I didn't raise you to speak like that." Her mother chastised. Mis shrugged unapologetically. "It is a god damned place, I'm being accurate." Mis insisted in defense of her comment. Her mother gave her a level look, as she placed a huge plate of bacon on the table. Her brother mopped up the remaining maple syrup on his plate with a piece of toast hurriedly. "Keys." he said holding out his hand expectantly. Mis pointed to the key rack on the wall, he went over to retrieve them then walked to the back door. "Thanks Missy, I'll wash it before you have to drive." he shouted as he ran out the door. Mis finished up her breakfast, and decided to pour herself a second cup of coffee. Her mom sat down beside her, and began eating. "Where's June? shouldn't she be awake yet?" Mis asked conversationally. "She already had breakfast and left for California at four." her mother replied while doing her crossword puzzle. "Oh, yeah." Mis mumbled. The room grew quiet, except for the soft rustle of the newspaper. Mis and her mother stayed in a comfortable silence, her mother doing her puzzle, while Mis sipped her coffee. Having finished her breakfast and coffee, Mis decided it was time to truly start the day. She went back into her room, and threw on a pair of yoga pants, her clockwork orange T-shirt, and started to organize her books. Her room was small, and yellow, with none of the normal posters or knick knacks one would normally find in a 17 year old's bedroom. She had one priority for her room: that it store as many books as humanly possible… her priority was met. She had four large black bookcases that her father had built custom for her to reach from floor to ceiling. She collected antique books, first editions, signed copies, and she loved them; their intricate illustrations, thick glossy paper, and the knowledge that they had been more places than she had. Some of her book had lived more interesting live than she, a fact that both fascinated and irritated her. On more than one occasion, it had been explained to her that she could make "some serious moola" if she ever decided to sell them, she never dignified such suggestions with responses, other than perhaps a look of annoyance. While dusting her third bookshelf, she felt her heart pick up for no readily available reason. The charge in the air made itself known again, and it felt heavy. She felt her skin prickle, and her eyes grew wider, she was frozen in place. Her heart beat almost painfully hard, reverberating in her ribs and lungs. She felt a numbness begin to trickle through her limbs, as though they could feel danger and were preparing for a fight. Three soft knocks on her bedroom door, made her jump slightly, and she shook her head in an attempt to regain some composure. "Yeah?" she said her voice sounding high, and tentative to her ears. The door opened, and her father walked. She felt her tension dissolve like sugar in coffee at seeing his wrinkle mapped face, and dark eyes gaze around the room. After his assessment he gave her an approving look at her choice of activity. "I was starting to get worried, it's been nearly a week since you organized the archives." He said, the only thing giving away his good humor being the small crows feet crinkling at the corner of his eyes. "Yeah, I figured it was time, wouldn't want them to start feeling neglected." she replied seriously, her tone matching his and her eyes bright. "So, Missy, I've got a project for you." he said clapping his hands together, and motioning for her to follow him to the kitchen. She knew from past experience her father's words didn't bode well, generally the "projects" in the past had consisted of some sort of organization or cleaning task. The project last week had been sorting through the tin shed outside. Separating the things worth keeping, throwing away, and donating would have been an undesirable task at any time of year, but having to do it in the Arizona summer had been particularly heinous. What with carrying and inspecting the boxes contents, and her carful avoidance of spiders and other black crawling things. Within twenty minutes her hair was stuck to her bright red cheeks. Within an hour, she had become deranged by the soul wilting heat as well as the righteous anger that the bubbled in her chest at being the sole contributor to this thankless task. She followed her father outside her room with crossed arms, poorly hidden annoyance evident in her purposeful gait. Her father sat down at the kitchen table where he had a cup of coffee, and the paper. Her mother was at the sink doing the dishes from breakfast and humming pleasantly. He motioned for her to have a seat. "You don't have to glare, Mis. I think you'll actually like this project." Her father said, causing her stance to softened minutely. She slowly lowered herself onto the kitchen table bench, her eyes still narrowed slightly in suspicion. "So, you remember Mrs. Weber? She used to babysit for you, she was a friend of grandma's." Her father said, waving his hands in a circular motion as if that would somehow waft the memories into her brain. Mis gave a snort, "Of course I remember that old bat, she taught me how to do that water witch thing, you know with a forked branch or whatever. Jesus Christ, she must be clinging to life with a white knuckle grip." Mis said, genuinely impressed that the woman was still alive. "Language." her mother said in exasperation, turning around with her hands on her hips to shoot Mis a glare.