Rated T for some words that I don't normally use, but I felt were in character for the situation. I'm not entirely sure I like how serious this turned out, but I wanted to do something Yule Ball-y, and I really do love Leyna and Percabeth. Anyway, I want to apologize for any mistakes I make in my Spanish—I'm not exactly a native speaker, but I spoke it when I was very little so I used that knowledge for this fic. It probably wasn't the wisest idea to use my three-year-old self's knowledge, but whatever. Disclaimer: Rick Riordan owns everything Percy Jackson, J. K. Rowling owns everything Harry Potter, and Disney owns Frozen and my (Leo's) Elsa reference. I only own the plot. Enjoy! … Leo was having a great day until dinner came along. Even on normal days, dinner is Leo's least favorite meal. It's always the most formal meal, meaning everyone has to be in full uniform (Leo really hates his gold-and-red tie), they all must be in the dining hall promptly at the correct time (why should he eat at seven when he could be sleeping?), and the tables can't mix Houses. Leo prefers breakfast because their whole gang always sits at the Gryffindor table and nobody ever bothers them about it. The way the teachers and prefects talk about mixing Houses, Leo would think Voldemort is trying to eat breakfast with him. But this dinner turns out to be even worse than normal. At first, everything seems ordinary. Percy eats a mountain of food at the Gryffindor table that is taller than Hazel sitting at the Hufflepuff table. Percy tries to convince Piper to eat meat, but Piper says it's disgusting and then they get into a heated debate about poultry. Leo pretends he's the least insane person at the table. (He's not.) But then a few minutes before what they all call "Annabeth's calculated dessert arrival time" (Annabeth has calculated the specific time when dessert arrives every day), Dumbledore gets up and magically amplifies his voice to make an announcement. Leo zones out, because that is his way of acknowledging that an authority figure is speaking. But when he sees the panicked look on Percy's face, he decides to start listening. "…will repeat the announcement once more." Dumbledore smiles, almost as if he knows Leo only just started paying attention. "Two weeks from today, Hogwarts will be hosting the Yule Ball at seven in the evening in the Great Hall. Formal attire is required, and food will be provided. For more information, ask any staff member. Thank you." The moment the elderly wizard has finished speaking, Jason jumps up from his seat at the Ravenclaw table, grabs a chocolate ring from the dessert platter (it arrived on time), and heads over to the Gryffindor table. When he gets down on one knee before Piper, the entire hall goes silent. Piper looks like she is about to burst when Jason says, "Piper McLean, will you go to the Yule Ball with me?" She gulps audibly, then gives a quick nod. The hall goes wild. Everyone is hooting and whooping and making the most ridiculous noises known to mankind as Jason slides the chocolate onto Piper's ring finger. Piper blushes a pretty shade of pink as she and Jason stand up and bow to the crowd. Leo would join in giving his friends a standing ovation if the idea of the Yule Ball didn't make him nauseous. Percy meets Leo's eyes, and he realizes Percy looks just as petrified as he feels. They both inconspicuously slip out of the hall to escape the din. "Fuck," Percy says the moment they are outside the hall. "Fucking shit ." Leo scowls. "I hate Jason," he says, knowing full well that every word of his statement is a lie. "He's always been such a fucking overachiever." Maybe that last sentence isn't such a lie. "How am I supposed to do this?" Percy asks desperately, his voice going quiet, and Leo instantly knows exactly who he's talking about. "How am I supposed to ask her?" Leo shrugs. "You two are best friends. You should know how she wants to be asked." Percy shoots him an uncharacteristically surly glare. "But what if she doesn't want to go with me?" "Then she'll either reject you out flat or say yes just to be nice and you'll get to go with the girl of your dreams," Leo pauses. "But she doesn't strike me as a person who likes being nice." Percy lets out a harsh breath. "So she's going to reject me and decide to never be my best friend again." "I don't think she could survive without being your best friend." "I'll be fucking friend-zoned !" "Well—" "So I'm basically doomed!" Leo snorts. "No shit, Sherlock." Percy shoots him a sharp glance. "Thanks a lot." Leo sighs. "She might want to go with you. Just ask her first, and worry about what she'll say later." Percy considers this grimly before changing the subject. "Who are you planning on asking?" Leo's sullen mood turns even darker. "Who do you think?" Percy doesn't say anything for a while, and they walk in silence until he finally speaks up. "This might not sound helpful, but I think you guys would be perfect for each other. It's kind of the opposites attract theory, you know?" This time Leo is the one who scowls. "Perfect, my ass. She used to like Jason, remember? That means she likes people who are similar to her. I'm nothing like her." They stop when they reach the Fat Lady's portrait, but Leo continues talking. "I'm not a clever Ravenclaw, master of spells and all that shit. I'm dumb as fuck. I can't do anything." Percy pauses. "You can do stuff." Leo snorts again—this Yule Ball business is morphing them into ugly monsters. "Like what?" "You're a badass builder," Percy points out. Leo tries to interrupt, but Percy won't let him. "You're surprisingly good at fire spells, and you know a lot of Muggle Studies stuff." Leo opens his mouth to respond, but the Fat Lady decides to cut in sassily instead. "May I help you?" she sneers. "Peppermint licorice," Percy informs her, and when she swings open to reveal the common room, they both head inside. "Just try not to think about it, yeah?" Leo nods mutely. "You too." They both go to bed before the sun sets. … The next morning, Percy is stuffing his face with sausage and egg to relieve his Yule Ball stress when Annabeth plops into the seat beside him with a newspaper. He should probably be embarrassed that she is seeing him like this, but they've been best friends so long that she doesn't even spare him a second glance as she starts on her orange juice. Percy's mind immediately gears into overdrive, convincing himself to just wing it and ask her. He has just gathered the courage and is about to swallow his last gulp of pumpkin juice when— "Will you go to the Yule Ball with me?" Fuck . Everyone looks up to see a blond boy that no one recognizes standing behind Annabeth. She gently sets down her newspaper and smoothes out the wrinkles before turning to the boy and simply replying, "No thanks, sorry." The boy nods and walks off. Annabeth calmly turns back to her newspaper and sips some orange juice, oblivious to the shocked, gaping stares of everyone in the hall. Percy takes a large swig of pumpkin juice, all his newfound courage evaporating. … Leo loves Muggle Studies, he really does, but Professor Burbage makes it really hard to enjoy the class. She is currently talking about some partner project she wants them do to about Muggle transportation and Leo swears even Professor Binns's class is less yawn-invoking than this. Leo decides that paying attention is a waste of his time and focuses on staring at glossy ripples of black hair, part of the perfection that is Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano. The angle of his seat gives him absolutely no sight of anything except her luscious hair and sculpted shoulders. Even without seeing her face, he knows what she is probably doing. He knows that she nibbles her bottom lip while scribbling frantic notes in class, and whenever she reads a textbook, her slight frown creates the most adorable dips in her otherwise smooth skin. Her movements are always as sleek and regal as a royal cat. She is an ice queen, like Elsa from the Muggle masterpiece Frozen. Except Elsa would probably acknowledge his existence more than Reyna does. (He had to watch Frozen for Muggle Studies, don't judge.) Leo is contemplating whether Reyna sings like a Disney princess or if she even sings at all when he hears Professor Burbage say, "…Leo and Reyna's project will be about automobiles and their functions, and…" Reyna spins around to spare him a disdainful glance, and the moment Professor Burbage shuts her mouth, she haughtily strolls over to his desk. He notices she doesn't look as irate as she usually does, so he figures it's his lucky day. " Hola, mi reina ," Leo says cheerfully, the rolling, fluid Spanish words complemented by a charming smile. For a moment he thinks he sees something flicker in Reyna's eyes. He knows she speaks Spanish and it is purely coincidental that her name means queen in Spanish, so he is the only person in their friend group that doesn't call her Rey. Of course, he's also the only person in their friend group that she doesn't like, so he's learned not to feel too special. "We have a project to work on, Valdez," she speaks at him more than to him. "Do you have any idea what an automobile is? Because I've never even heard of one." For a moment, he's actually more distracted by the thought of automobiles than the thought of her. "Fuck, yeah, I love automobiles! I was actually researching them the other day and since I know the anatomy of one, I was thinking maybe I could build it and…" he continues to ramble about his daydream, eyes lighting up with excitement, but Reyna quickly stops him with a mildly shocked look. "You could build an automobile?" she sounds surprised, and Leo realizes he probably doesn't seem like a smart person who could do things like that. "Yeah," he dismisses it quickly, "it's really not that hard, but—" Reyna interrupts again, looking awed. "That's incredible." Leo falters. "It is?" She nods, and the movement is swift and precise. Like her, he notices. "I've always been awful at building things, so I probably won't be much help—" Leo's heart sinks as he realizes she is probably using flattery to get him to do all the work. He would do anything for her, but sometimes he wishes he wouldn't. "—but of course I could always ask Annabeth for help designing one, and then once it's built I could help you paint it and—" Leo's face lights up at this. "You would do that for me?" Reyna gives him a mildly weird look. "Of course, it's a partner project. I have to do something." Leo is stunned. "You want to spend time with me ?!" An amused smile crosses Reyna's lips. "Don't let it get to your head, I'm only doing it for the project." She doesn't sound too serious and he swears the she is still smiling when she walks back to her own table. "We'll meet tomorrow at seven in the library to get started, yeah?" He may or may not daydream about her the rest of the day. … That evening, the whole gang crams into the Gryffindor common room to chat about, because they all apparently hate Leo, the Yule Ball. Percy is on the floor, leaning on a table in front of the fire as Annabeth's head lies in his lap and he absentmindedly plays with her