HPFC Random Word Prompt - 24. nuts The train ride from King's Cross to Hogwarts, or vice versa,was always something Lily looked forward to. She liked trains; she liked the coziness of compartments and plush red seats, the sound of the trolley whisking by and the knowledge that she was headed somewhere. But mostly, she liked the Hogwarts Express because that was when she and Severus were most able to sit comfortably, fold down the blinds to the train corridors, and talk uninhibitedly all the way back home - where they could spend summers in Spinner's End together. Colored ties off, Muggle clothes on - like how it had been in the days before Hogwarts, before they had to be mindful of the fact that she was a Gryffindor and he was a Slytherin. Both of them always denied that the fact had any impact on their relationship, and maybe it did not, on their sides. But Lily always sensed a greater freedom to talk to Severus on the express than at Hogwarts. But it seemed, that on the ride to Hogwarts at the beginning of their third year, that was to change. "They want me to sit with them," Severus explained, glancing over his shoulder at a group of Slytherin boys in their year. "I'm not sure if I will, though." Lily looked at the group too. "I didn't know you hung out with Avery." "Me neither." At Lily's raised eyebrow, Severus smiled. "But they asked me to sit with them. I guess that means they want to get to know me this year." "It does sound like that," Lily agreed. She observed the way Severus's eyes lit up, the way his fingers fiddled with his luggage handle, and she knew her best friend far too well to see that he was excited about this prospect. She knew that the other Slytherin boys had never expressed a distinct interest in him before. She swallowed her disappointment and smiled. "Sit with them." When Severus looked back at her, opening his mouth to protest, she shushed him and said reassuringly, "Really, Sev. I'll just find Violet or Marlene, or someone. It'll be fun for you, too." "I don't have to - are you sure?" "Positive. Now, go." She reached out and pulled him into a quick hug before making her way toward the train. "I'll see you at the school!" she called back, waving. On the train, it didn't take Lily long to find an empty compartment and get situated. Her disappointment at Severus's absence resurfaced quickly, however, as she was putting her luggage away - she and Severus had a system of hoisting each other's luggage up to the shelves, one that almost always resulted in her toppling down onto the seats and them laughing. Lily shook her head to herself. She walked to the compartment door and pushed it open, with the intent to search for friends she could pull into the compartment with her. It was this action of opening the door that she immediately regretted - for passing by directly outside her compartment was none other than James Potter and Sirius Black. Lily immediately stepped backward and moved to shut the door, but it was too late; her abrupt entrance into the corridor had alerted the latter to her presence. He turned curiously, gasped loudly, and proclaimed, " Evans ! What a delight it is to see you in such fine health." Sirius pushed aside his dark hair, which seemed to have grown even longer in the summer, and grinned widely at her. "Hello, Black," she said but the words had barely come out of her mouth before he was pushed aside by James Potter. "Evans!" James greeted, hazel eyes sparkling. "What a delight it is to see you in such fine health!" "Really smooth, mate," Sirius said, shoving his friend back. "Hello, Potter. I hope both of you had good summers. Now, if you'll excuse me -" Lily began to retreat into her compartment again, but James's face suddenly lit up. "Where's Snivellus - I mean, Severus - Snape? Is it possible that he's not coming to school this year, or ever?" "What?" Lily barked. Potter extended a hand past her shoulder and pointed. "Your compartment's empty. Usually you sit with the scrawny git." "But it'd actually be a shame if he weren't here, don't you think, James?" Sirius leaned against her compartment window. "Who else is pathetic enough that we could have fun teasing all year again?" Lily looked at the pair in disgust. "Clearly, the summer hasn't improved on either of you at all," she said, dropping her attempt at niceties. "Have a nice ride." She should have known they wouldn't acquiesce and leave, but she could only glare at them as they followed her into the compartment, pulling in their luggage and talking casually with each other. As they began to lift their luggage into the storage slots, she began to say hotly, "I am not spending the whole ride to Hogwarts with you -" "Lily?" She turned, and was met with the sight of Remus Lupin's bright smile, as he peeked into the compartment. "Hi, Remus," she said. Her indignation temporarily deflated with her genuine affection for the brown-haired, kind Gryffindor, and she sat down. "Are we sitting with you this ride? Lovely." Remus yanked his luggage into the compartment. Lily opened her mouth to say that she really didn't think that was a good idea, when he smiled so warmly at her that her mouth clamped shut of its own accord. "Where's Peter?" Sirius asked. He was already lounging across the seats, effectively taking up enough space for two people. "Haven't seen him," replied Remus as James shrugged and made a beeline for the empty seat next to Lily. Lily watched him like a very displeased hawk, taking in this unfortunate situation. She very desperately wished that she had tried to convince Sev to stay with her now - if that meant not having to spend the next 8 hours sitting next to Potter . "How was your summer, Evans?" James sat down beside her. He leaned over to open up the compartment window. Lily leapt up and made a show of rummaging through her suitcase. The noise from Platform Nine and Three-Quarters wafted through the now-open window, reminding her that Severus was somewhere out there. "Fine, thanks. How was your summer, Remus?" "Eventful. My dad wanted to travel around and visit our relatives throughout the United Kingdom." "Oooh, that sounds wonderful!" "You need help with your stuff, Evans?" Sirius asked. There was an amused sort of tone in his voice. "Not at all." Lily abruptly stopped fidgeting with the zippers and actually peered into her luggage. She pulled out a book from the school list and a pack of peanuts her mum had slipped in, and steeled herself as she turned back to the compartment. The three boys were staring expectantly at her. She held up her book. "I think I'm going to spend the ride reading this." "Aw, don't be like that." Sirius sat up straight. "Have some fun with us, Evans. We were going to play some Exploding Snap, once Peter comes -" "Oh, that's right. Don't you think we should go find him?" At this, Potter perked up and exclaimed, "Excellent idea, Remus! I nominate you and Sirius to go search for him." The other three in the compartment turned to him, with varying degrees of exasperation or amusement on their faces. Lily swiveled toward Remus with pleading eyes and shook her head slightly, begging him silently - "Great idea, James!" Sirius bounced up to his feet. With one hand, he grabbed Remus's shoulder and started pulling him toward the door. The other hand, to Lily's annoyance, landed atop her head and patted it. James audibly sucked in a breath and said, "Alright, alright, go bring Peter to us, fellow Marauders. Off you go now! Shoo!" "Oh, please don't," Lily directed at Remus - but Sirius was already chortling and leaving the compartment, and Remus gave her a half-apologetic smile though the crinkles at his eyes told her that he was as amused as Sirius obviously was, the traitor - Twenty seconds later, the compartment door had shut, muffling Sirius's receding calls for "Peter the Petty Who Grew." Lily then found herself alone with James Potter lounging on the seat beside her. She decided the only course of action she could take was to read. As highly as she doubted that Potter would allow her to immerse herself into the book for more than thirty seconds of peace, maybe if she persisted in reading, he would get bored of lazily sitting around here with a mute partner. So she cracked open her brand new book - The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection , by Quentin Trimble - to the very first page. She began to read, but had only got past the words Greetings, wizard. This book is an introductory to your fourth year of magical education when the estimated thirty seconds of peace showed itself to be in reality no more than five. "What are you reading, Lily?" She determinedly chose not to answer. Gripping her bag of peanuts tightly, she fiddled sharply with the top of the packet - and in her annoyance, accidently tore it open a little. But Potter, being Potter , was relentless as ever. Instead of taking her silence for what it was - a rebuke to his presence and his words - he sidled even closer to her so that if she leaned two inches to the right, her arm would touch his. "Ah! The D.A.D.A. book this year. Getting ahead already, eh?" Lily scooted to her left. "Yes. Trying to." The emphasis she put on "trying" didn't seem to register with James; on the contrary, the boy sat upright and seemed invigorated by the fact she had responded at all. "I haven't read this one yet - but I've looked over The Standard Book of Spells ," he said proudly. Lily almost snorted. The image of Potter spending any of his free time poring over a book he didn't have to read yet was as comical as it was unfounded. James continued, "See Evans, this is why you shouldn't spend train rides with Snivellus. I bet with him, you can't focus on the account that he -" "Potter!" Lily turned to him, annoyed. "What did Severus ever do to you to provoke these childish jabs at him?" She stood abruptly. "Because he's a slimy Slytherin bastard." At the furious expression on her face, James amended quickly, "But alright, alright, I won't mention the git again. Sit down, Evans." He reached out and actually tugged on her bag of peanuts, which she held between two fingers and the back cover of her book. "Aw, come on," he said when she only glared at him, affronted. He pulled harder. There was a small ripping noise. Before either Lily or James could do anything, the peanuts went spilling from the plastic bag to the carpet of the compartment. They bounced and rolled in all different directions as Lily stared, surprised, at them and James looked rather shocked, holding a bit of the plastic he had torn off. "Sorry, Evans, I didn't mean to do that," he said, scrambling up. A crunch below his feet indicated that in the process, he had stepped on some of her peanuts. He looked at her sheepishly. Lily watched a peanut roll all the way to the compartment door, and then stop just short of the glass pane. Rather than anger, she felt irritation and plain tiredness. Shutting her book and placing it on the seat, she freed her hands so she could kneel to the floor and start picking up the peanuts closest to her. "Wait, Evans!" Potter leapt down next to her and snatched the plastic wrapper from her hand. "Give it back, Potter,"