The Other The air smelled of sex and hate. Does hate even have scent? It has to. "The war is over", she tells herself. It's been over for years now, but she can't quite shake that feeling that everything she knows is going to crumble as soon as she opens her eyes. He feels so heavy as he lays across her, sweat glazed and panting. He said it to her while looking into her eyes as he sent her over the edge. "I love you." How could he say that? After all, he's not even hers. … It all started after she uttered those words, "Someone grab him." She didn't even care that she was sending him off to Voldemort. She just wanted to live. He was right there, after all. Harry fucking Potter. The thing of prophecies. The world as she knew it was ripped at its seams. Hours later, the war was over, or so they said. The light had won. Where did that leave the children of the dark? Pansy was raised as all pureblood children. She was special. She was different. She was supreme. But, after that final spell was cast and Harry Potter won the goddamn war, was she still? She sat there, dirty, unloved, alone, and scared. No one would look at her, let alone speak to her. Hours passed as she sat there staring into the abyss until finally a quiet voice spoke, "you're bleeding, let me help you." Potter. Harry Potter was asking if he could heal her wounds. "Am I?" She asked, in barely a whisper. "Just a bit," he replied. Gods, had his eyes always been so pure? "Please help me." She couldn't even believe she allowed such weakness. He waved his wand and she felt his magic run over her body. Electric pulses flowing through her veins. "It's alright. Everything is going to be okay," he spoke so softly as he tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. "I'm sorry." "I know." … Six months later, she found him chain smoking outside a dodgy muggle pub. He looked like hell. His hair was longer than she'd ever seen it. His eyes were bloodshot, and he looked as if he hadn't slept since the battle. Those pure eyes that she noticed all those months ago looked melancholy. "Can I have one of those?" His eyes widen as he realizes that she's found him in his secret muggle place. She understands it, no one here knows the boy who saved the wizarding world. It's why she frequents muggle London; no one knows the death eater's daughter here. "Of course." He handed her a cigarette and lit it. She is not sure what happened in the next five minutes, but she was pressed against the wall of that bar and Harry Potter was kissing her. "I need you," he groaned into her mouth. She pulled him into the alley and apparated right into her flat. …. It continued like that for months. They drank. They were what the other needed. They talked about surface things like weather and articles in the Daily Prophet. They talked of fantasies of running away together to the states, and living life as muggles. Pansy made dinners while Harry made desserts. They never discussed what happened when they weren't together. They lived very separate lives, but when they were together, nothing else mattered. …. "I'm marrying Ginny." He blurted out one night after another bottle of wine. "I see," was all she could muster to respond to that. Pansy stood up from her seat and ran. She ran until she couldn't breathe. Ran until she felt as if her lungs would explode. She ran until she collapsed. She fell to the ground and lost all control. Pansy knew he wasn't to be hers, but for the past few months, he was. She screamed to the Gods. She cursed the name of the god damned chosen one. She told herself she'd never allow him into her life again. But Pansy knew that was a lie. It took one week for Pansy to seek him out again. Harry was right where she knew he'd be, in their pub. "We need whiskey." She said with a forced smile. "Gods, I'm sorry." He couldn't look her in the eye. "I know." His lips were on hers in under a minute. She pulled back just as quickly and slapped him across his cheek. She had no regrets about hitting him. He needed to feel the same pain. That didn't stop her from crashing her lips right back upon his. "We have to get out of here." He softly whispered. He took her hand, and together they walked together down a nearly deserted street. "When I was a child, my muggle relatives hated me. I slept in a cupboard. I was lower than a house elf to them." "Harry, I'm not sure.." "Don't interrupt me. Just let me explain. They never showed me any love. And then I met the Weasley's. I owe them." "So Ginevra is your repayment?" Pansy suddenly realized. "Yes." He said in such a heartbreaking way. They continued down the street arm in arm. If anyone had seen them, they'd never know the pain each of them had boiling right under the surface. Pansy never told him about her father. The way he'd abused her. The way he father had neglected her. She never mentioned the parade of death eaters that her father brought home. She never told Harry about being left behind by the other Slytherins of their year. She never told him that she was completely and utterly alone aside from the time spent with him. But then again, he never asked. They met like this every week. Evenings were spent drinking and racing off to Pansy's flat for the rest of the night. She never asked about Ginny, and Harry never brought her up again, until three months later. "The wedding is in a month." "You need to shut up, Harry." She didn't want to hear it. She immediately pulled him to her lips. She was in denial. She refused to even acknowledge that soon, this would end. The next week she didn't show up at the pub. She instead curled up in her favorite chair with tea. The tears started quickly after her first sip, and for what seemed like hours, those tears fell. Her chest felt as if it were being crushed under the weight of the world. There was a low knock at the door. "Harry," she sighed. As she opened the door, the smell of cheap perfume hit her nose before she saw who it was. "How can I help you Ginevra?" ….., "Are you even paying attention?" Harry asked her. She was lost in his scent. It was something that after 5 years, she still could not forget. It was the unmistakeable floral scent was all over him. "What were you saying? I'm sorry I was distracted." They were in the pub again, drinking whiskey and wine. It was a combination destined for bad decisions, yet the two of them made this tradition. He went on and on about quidditch and something about a meeting, but Pansy was lost in the sweet smell of the cheap floral scent that was wafting off of him. It was her. It was hell. It was Ginevra. That scent was firmly engrained in Pansy's memory. "Harry, can we get out of here?" He stood and held out his hand for her to take and the two of them headed down the street towards her new flat. Pansy never stayed in one place for very long. She couldn't stomach the thought of ever being found again. Her mind went back to that night all those years ago when that horrible woman showed up at her flat. "How can I help you Ginevra?" "Parkinson...Silencio...Muffliato" Ginevra wasn't a woman of words. Instead, in rapid fire succession, she sent hex after endless hex at Pansy. Ginny didn't stop until Pansy lay writhing on the floor. "Crucio!" Ginevra held that spell for what felt like hours until finally the pain stopped. Silence surrounded them. "Oblivate" What Pansy thought would be a sweet escape only added to her pain when she realized that Ginny had no abilities when it came to memory charms. Nothing of that horrible night had been erased. GInny stormed out of the flat without another word. Pansy lay on the floor retching and feeling almost as if she deserved all that pain. Harry didn't belong to her, and Ginerva just made that known. Would she fight for Harry as Ginny had done? She wasn't sure. Pansy pulled herself up and stared at her reflection in the window. She hated who she'd become, but couldn't imagine being anyone else. "What the hell am I doing?" She asked herself. … "Pans?" "Oh sorry, Harry. I seem to have spaced out there for a moment." "We've been standing out here for five minutes, are you going to drop the wards?" With a swift flick of her wand, the wards dropped and she and Harry entered her flat. "Whiskey or tea?" She asked. "You're so beautiful. Thank you for always being here. Let's just have tea." He grabbed her and pulled her close. He kissed the top of her head and rubbed her back. She wanted to enjoy this. She wanted so badly to just take his comfort, but she couldn't when all she could smell was his wife. Her thoughts drifted again. Harry married Ginevra on a Friday evening. Pansy remembered the day so well because it was the last time she saw Draco. "Pansy, why are you at a muggle pub?" He asked. "One could ask Draco Malfoy the same question." Draco handed her a scotch on the rocks and he took one neat. "Are you ok?" He had a serious look on his face that Pansy hadn't seen since the days of the dark lord. "No, and no, I don't want to talk about it." "Pans, I've seen you here with Potter." "Sweet Circe Draco, I said I don't want to talk about it." "Pansy, he may have saved the.." "Draco, just stop." Pansy did what she always did when confronted, she left. She stood up and left the bar. She remembered loving him once, but her heart no longer belonged to him. Her heart and soul were bound to another. Pansy went home. She looked at a photo on her mantel of herself and Harry at their pub. The smile on her face she hadn't herself seen in years. She picked it up and threw it into the fireplace. "Incendio!" She screamed as the fireplace came ablaze. "Confringo!" She screamed as she aimed her wand at the bed she had shared so many nights with him. The bed was blasted into unrecognizable bits. She supposed she'd have to get a new one tomorrow. ….. "What is wrong with you tonight?" Harry snapped causing her to jump. "I'm just tired, Harry, so bloody tired." "We've been through this." "No, we really haven't Harry. You just immediately dismiss me every fucking time I try to bring it up." "Ginny is pregnant." "Get. Out. Harry Potter, get the fuck out of my house." He stood there staring into her eyes. She pulled out her wand and aimed it right at him. "Out." The door closed behind him and Pansy fell to her knees. This wasn't the first time that Harry had broken her, and deep down she knew that it wouldn't be the last. She stood up, brushed off her crinkled skirt, and instead of being sad, Pansy Parkinson got angry. With anger radiating off of her, Pansy stood in her kitchen. "Tea. I need tea." She put the kettle on and waved her wand over the stove. She went through the ritual of tea making as she had watched her nan do so many times. Despite their wealth,