Hi! This is a story that i wrote for the lovely Y.L.O.A.K. You should go and check out some of her writing, because it's to die for! Happy Birthday, girl! Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters. I did make the poems and the plot. Warning contains slash. Harry walked through the colossal doors that guarded the great hall with Ron and Hermione, chatting about yesterday's Quidditch game against the Hufflepuffs. They came in and sat down at the Gryffindor table and went about their morning just like any other day. After all, it was just a normal day in fifth year….Then the owls swooped in dropping off mail, and to Harry's surprise an owl that he didn't recognize landed on his shoulder with a piece of parchment locked in its grasp. It was a beautiful, black owl with huge wings, talons, and huge, dark, blue eyes that shone like the ocean in the late moonlight. At first the raven haired boy was sure that the owl had made a mistake and tried to shoo it away, but as soon as he tried it grumpily pecked at his hand, and gave him an impatient hoot. Okay, maybe the letter was for him. He carefully untied the parchment from the owl's leg and glanced up at his two best friends, who were watching curiously, before unrolling the parchment. He immediately noticed the strong, overpowering smell of cologne… Had someone sprayed the paper with cologne? (More like drowned it) Why? He let his eyes skim the sheet before he read it, through noticed the incredibly neat, cursive handwriting. After looking it over for a signature he soon realized that there wasn't one. It was signed by "Secret admirer" His breath hitched and he finally decided to read it. Who could his secret admirer be, he wondered… Roses are red violets are blue, why won't my heart beat when I am with you? He felt his cheeks warm and his heart began to speed up. Is this a love poem? Your eyes are bright green and my face tinges pink, because your eyes are the most breathtaking that I've ever seen Wait? His eyes? Breathtaking?... Your lips are baby pink and your heart silver, gold, though it doesn't seem to do what it's told His lips?... His heart… silver, gold?... Now he was sure that he couldn't breath just like his admirer... Your teeth shining bright and your hair raven black, with you on my mind. It won't stay on track Okay… Who sent this? He doubted that he was that much to fuss over… With her bushy booksmarts and his bright red hair, come out and seek me if you dare Wait? "Seek me"? He could feel his heart thump against his ribcage. Does this mean he's going to be requested to meet her? But i won't give you a hint. Not even one, because surely that would ruin all of the fun Oh… Now it's time for me to go. Time to say goodbye, and i walk away humming a bittersweet lullaby … Because i yearn to feel your hair. I crave to touch your hand, and every thought i have of you seems to be so grand -Secret admirer Okay, now Harry was sure that his face was burning a deep, bright shade of red. Who was this? He was ripped out of his thoughts at the sound of his name being called. His gaze quickly tore from the letter, and back up to his friends. "Harry, who's the letter from?" The bushy haired Hermione asked, eyeing him curiously. "...A secret admirer…" He mumbled so low that only Hermione and Ron could hear him. "What? Really? Can i see?" She blurted. Harry was hesitant for a second, but then he gave it to her, and she examined it carefully. "Whoa…" She whispered as her eyes grew wide. Ron who had peered over and read it, let out a chuckle and stated," Oi, this girl has got it really bad for you, mate." The raven haired boy suddenly found the plate in front of him very interesting as his cheeks felt as if they had caught on fire. "Who do you think she is," The boy who lived asked suddenly. The redhead and Hermione exchanged glances, and shrugged at him. "Don't worry, Harry," The bookworm said looking at the emerald eyed boy in front of her," We'll help you find out who she is." "We are?" The boy with fiery hair asked through a mouthful of food. Hermione began to lecture Ron, but Harry couldn't hear her. He was too busy letting his eyes scan over the room. Could it be her over there with the blonde hair? Or her, over there with the purple eyes? Or her, with the blue eyes? Or her with the lavender scarf? Ug it could be any of these girls. Why did there have to be so many girls at Hogwarts? He let his gaze wander to the Slytherin table where his eyes immediately met with with a pair of liquid silver ones, which seemed to be staring at him intently. Harry felt a twinge in his chest, but he ignored it, and shot the blonde a glare which he returned it just as quick as it was given. The raven haired boy rolled his eyes and turned around in his chair, so that he was facing his food again, and began to eat as he thought about that poem... After herbology he tripped, and when he began to pick himself up a piece of parchment fell in front of him. He looked around to see who it was who dropped it, but there were so many people jumbled up in the hall that he couldn't possibly pinpoint who it was in the ocean of people that had flooded the hallway. He tried to look calm as he picked himself up and unrolled the parchment, but the truth was that he was pretty excited… Okay, he was thrilled, but hey. Someone was finally seeing him for something other than "The Boy Who Lived". Or… at least he thought so. He shrugged it off as he unrolled the small piece of parchment, and scanned it. It had the same handwriting as the letter he got before. He could feel his heart swell in his chest. Your raven, black locks fall perfectly into place as you sit in class with your brows furrowed in deep thought. You sit there straining to listen to what the teacher says not even noticing how effortlessly, my attention you caught Perfectly?... Effortlessly...There was that dumdump again… Your eyes shine in the afternoon light, As i sit and stare, i wonder if you're afraid i'll bite. Though you haven't a clue who i could be, maybe if i told you i could finally breathe Why won't she just tell me!? But i know my company isn't welcome to you, and all i can do is watch you from a distance as i notice how your eyes sparkle like the morning dew Not...Welcome? What? And how your smile shines like the moon in night, but will it ever be directed towards me, it might? My heart thumps and pounds at the mere thought of capturing your soft lips in a delicate kiss, and my fingers twitch at the thought of running them through your perfect hair that no one could possibly miss. Okay… His face was burning and his heart was pounding. Why was he even reacting this way? He started to notice that the parchment had a scent… a strangely familiar scent…. And every night i look at the sky, and watch as the stars sparkle through the darkness, i think of how they remind me of you. How could i not, because it's quite a breathtaking view. There was that word "breathtaking" again… Wow she has a way with words. It's ironic really how i'm falling for you. I wonder how you would react if i told you a simple kiss i blew… Wait!? She blew a kiss at him? When? How did noone notice? Well, class is ending, and you've started packing your things, but no need for me to dwell, for who knows what the next class brings. Now that this is written, i feel it's forbidden, and it should be hidden, but it won't be. It will surely find itself in your hands away from me. Until next time Sincerely, your secret admirer. Okay, he really wanted to know who this person was… But how could he find out? There wasn't much to go by besides the neat, cursive handwriting, black owl, and that strange smell that was oddly familiar, but that doesn't eliminate many people. Why did he even want to find out who this "Miss Mysterious" was? He's had secret admirers before...But no one had ever sent him poems quite like these before… Maybe it was the scent? He went on throughout the day as if he hadn't read the notes, but time seemed to fly by, and he couldn't concentrate on a single thing because his mind was preoccupied with pondering over everything that was said in those notes. He was now in the care of magical creatures class, and he was standing outside surrounded by the bright spring grass, and the now yellowing skies, staring off into space. He was broken out of his trance like state when he heard his name being called by Hagrid. "Yes, sir?" He asked automatically as he set his eyes on the giant man. "'Harry, would yer like to demonstrate on how ter handle this creature?" The half giant asked. The raven haired boy nodded as he aproache the small dog looking creature. Darn! Why couldn't he have paid attention? He didn't know how to deal with this thing, and now he was going to have to wing it? Well, it looked like a dog, so maybe he should try treating it like a puppy? He leaned over and picked it up gently, and the tiny, black doglike creature happily snuggled in his arms as Harry pet it, carefully running his fingers through it's soft, silk like fur, but then Harry scratched him in the wrong place and the dog whimpered, and jumped out if his arms. "'Oh that's okay 'arry. 'E's just injured there." Hagrid said reassuringly as he tried to comfort the doglike creature. Laughter broke out from the Slytherins, and he heard one of them yell out ,"Torturing innocent puppies now, huh?" Harry went back and stood where he had before beside Ron and Hermione and Hermione was trying to convince Ron not to hex whichever Slytherin that had said that, while Harry just stood there feeling stupid for not noticing the injury on the doglike creature and he wished that he hadn't hurt the poor thing. Soon enough that class was over as well, and the raven haired let out a groan as he began to drag himself to potions, but he was soon stopped by his creature loving friend. "Harry, a student told me you dropped this," Hagrid explained as he put a piece of parchment in his hand," Now 'ead off to class." The emerald eyed boy hadn't even been able to say that he hadn't dropped anything before he was ushered forward. He looked down at the parchment in his hands as he made his way to the last class of the day. Potions. He opened it, and there was that handwriting again… Boy, was this girl persistent. He felt a smile slide its way onto his face, replacing his frown that had been set sturdily on his face just seconds before. Hello, there again. Did you know that when the sun hits your hair just right that it shimmers in a strange, angelic way? It caught me so off guard that i couldn't hear what Hagrid had to say. His hair? Angelic? Who is this