Hey Guys! Nat here, and sorry I haven't posted in a really long time. Since school is coming to an end I'll probably post way more often from here on out (probably) but here's a quick little idea that came to my head when I was helping my friend think of fanfic ideas ;) Nico's so going to get it..., Will mumbled under his breath along with several other, more colorful, indecipherable threats to his S.O as he made his way to his corresponding terminal at the JFK airport. Will's heart was pounding and he felt a droplet of sweat trickle down his cheek as he took a sharp turn into Terminal 4. He looked up at the big screen over the clerk's desk and saw that his flight would be boarding in about 30 minutes. He sat down and put his head in his hands trying to process what was going on and what he was about to do. He thought back to when it all started... It was just a normal day at Camp Half Blood. The sun was rising and people were starting to head to the Mess Hall for breakfast while some others tried to squeeze in some sword fighting or wall climbing before breakfast started. Or, in Will's case, he was called in early to do some cleaning up on an Ares kid who cut his arm on his sword while sparring. "Thanks for taking care of me on such short notice", the Ares boy said as Will was wrapping a gauze bandage around his forearm. "No problem", Will said as he caught himself in mid-yawn. The Ares kid, his name was Rodney, waved to Will as he headed out of the room. Will went around the room cleaning stuff up and putting away the gauze bandages and, as he turned around sluggishly, he was almost given an episode of cardiac arrest as his gosh darn boyfriend appeared in the center of the doctors' office. Will leapt back in alarm as Nico raised an eyebrow. "Well someone's on high alert today", Nico said sarcastically as he walked over to peck Will on the cheek. "It doesn't help that I woke up at 5 in the morning. You know how I am without my morning coffee", Will said, hand to his chest, making sure his heart was still pumping blood (he accepted Nico's cheek-peck). "So how's my boyfriend on this lovely Saturday morning?", Will said, noting how Nico's expression changed as he used the word "boyfriend". Nico shrugged, "Fine. Gonna head out to the woods to do some shadow traveling." Will frowned. He knew Nico was taking time every other day or so to practice his accuracy at his shadow traveling. He knew doing it in a secluded area of the Camp, like the forest, made it all-the-better as well as safer for Nico. Yet, he still had a nagging feeling in the back of his mind whenever his boyfriend let him know that he was headed to practice. Nico probably sensed Will's hesitation so he added, "Will, chill. I'll only be gone until lunch". Will nodded, "Alright. Just promise you'll be back by lunch, ok?" "I will. See ya." And just like that, in a haze of black and dark gray, Nico was gone from the room, vanished. Will walked out of the doctors' office and gazed up at the rising sun. He put his hands over his eyes to shield him from the bright orange light, while he made his way to the Mess Hall for some breakfast (and most definetly coffee). Will was still tense from that nagging feeling in the back of his mind from Nico's little excursion to the woods. It was the kind of feeling that went off whenever he would see someone about to do something stupid or extremely dangerous (or both) and he felt like Nico's shadow travling practice sessions might get him into some sort of trouble. Then he shook away his fears. It's not like he's gonna accidentally shadow-travel himself to France or something.. Will thought with a small chuckle. Boy, was Will wrong. It was around 12 in the afternoon. Will left the doctors' office to get some lunch at the Mess Hall when he heard someone's voice call him from behind. "Will! Will!" He turned around and saw that the voice came from Kayla. She jogged over to him, "Will! I was wondering if I could have back those ambrosia cough drops that I let you borrow the other day? One of the Hermes kids has a real nasty cough". "Oh! I believe I left them in my cabin! Here stay put, I'll go fetch them." Will turned on his heals and jogged over to the Apollo cabin. Strangely enough, the cabin was empty. Will's stomach growled. Oh because it's lunchtime, thought Will, wishing he had a potato salad right about now. He went over to his side of the cabin and picked up the nearly-full bag of ambrosia cough drops from atop his bedside table. He turned around and was almost given a heart attack the second time that day as a hazy image of a rainy landscape came into view right dead-center in the middle of the cabin. Will yelped in surprise and he heard a long moan come from the other side of the hazy image. "Will?.. You there?", said an all-too-familiar voice. "Nico!? What's happened!? Where are you!? Are you hurt!?", Will said followed by another long moan on Nico's part. "Ughh I'm...fine, Will. Just got...into a bit of an accident during my...", Nico said in between heavy panting. His breathing sounded very labored and raspy. Will couldn't see Nico however; the place where the Iris message was being held looked chilly and rainy and the message seemed to be faced towards a stone wall. "Well you don't sound fine! Where are you?", Will said with a worried tone. "Um...ok don't freak but um...I might've accidentally shadow traveled to Paris...", Nico said mumbling the word "Paris". His breathing was still labored, as if he had actually run the whole way. " PARIS!?", Will yelled at the rainy image, "Oh my gods, Nico you must be exhausted! Traveling 4,000 miles!" Will couldn't help that his voice was raised, he was genuinely worried for his boyfriend's health; he was surprised Nico hadn't passed out from exhaustion already. "Will...listen its about 6 o'clock here. I arrived in the parking lot of the Paris Orly Airport. I'll buy some tickets and take a plane back and...", Nico didn't manage to finish, he was still panting hard and his sentence was cut off by a nasty fit of coughing. "Nico, you're in absolutely NO condition to even walk, let alone catch a flight back to New York!" "...Well what am I supposed to do!? I can't shadow-travel back...getting... a... plane... is my only... option..", Nico said wearily. He was cut off by a large thud and the Iris message shook violently before refocusing on the stony wall. Only this time, the back of Nico's head was visible in the foreground of the image. "Nico! Nico! Are you awake?", Will yelled. Will could hear some people outside of the cabin, either coming back from lunch or coming to see where all of the yelling was coming from (or both). "Ughhh", was Nico's response. Yeah, Will thought, he's totally out of it. Will continued to yell Nico's name until the Iris message eventually expired and blurred out of view. Will cursed in frustration and stomped out of the cabin. There were a few people at the door when he came outside and none of them was the person he was looking for. He jogged towards where he left Kayla (near the Mess Hall) and she turned to him with a smile on her face that quickly disappeared after seeing that Will didn't have the cough drops. "Well if you can't find them I'll just-", said Kayla turning on her heels back to the doctors' office. "No wait, Kayla!", Will said putting his hand on her shoulder, "I need some help. Apparently Nico shadow-traveled himself to France by accident and he's stranded", Will said quietly trying to keep the information from some of the more nosy campers that were eyeing him and Kayla. He lead her behind the Apollo cabin and explained the predicament in more detail. Once the story was told, Kayla scratched her forehead and spoke softly and slowly to Will. "Will, I think the only way to get there is to take an airplane", Kayla said carefully. Will flinched at the mere sound of the word "airplane". As he retold the story to Kayla, he came to the same conclusion, but hearing it from Kayla made it seem all too real for him. Kayla knew just as well as most of the other campers of Will's extreme fear of airplanes and anything that involved heights. She knew that he swore (not on the River Styx, thankfully) that he would never go on an airplane for as long as he lived. But she also knew that this was the fastest and safest way to get from New York to Paris. And so did Will, but he just couldn't bring himself to do it. "Kayla, please, isn't there some other way?", Will said pleadingly to Kayla, trying to keep his voice from cracking with fear. He couldn't lie; he was terrified. Kayla shook her head, "I'm afraid not, Will. I can't see any other way you could get there fast enough. I mean it'll still take about 8 hours, but its probably the fastest way to get there..." Will hung his head in defeat. He sighed long and hard and nodded his head in understanding. She patted him on the back, "It'll be ok Will." Thirty minutes had passed when Will looked up to see a wave of people getting up from their seats, taking their luggage and walking over to the clerk's desk to board the airplane. Will was shocked and terrified by how quickly the 30 minutes had gone by and he wondered if the Fates had sped up time just to see Will crack from the fear. He walked over to get in line and shuffled forward each time somebody went through the metal tunnel that led to the inside of the plane. He thought of the tunnel as a "Point of No Return" Once he went in, there was no going back. And that thought only heightened Will's fears (pun intended). Before he knew it, the lady at the desk was extending her hand out for Will's plane ticket. His hands shook violently as he took the ticket out of his pocket and handed it to her. She motioned for him to go inside the "Point of No Return" (as Will saw it) and he reluctantly shuffled his feet forward so he wouldn't hold up the line. He saw people who were behind him go ahead of him as he slowly walked to the end of the metal tubing. A man and his girlfriend, a mother and her two kids and an older man with his daughter. And again, as if the Fates had somehow sped up time, Will had reached the end of the tunnel and was standing right before the edge where the metal tubing and the entrance to the plane came together. He also noticed that he was the last person to get on the plane. He looked up at the stewardess that was greeting everyone at the entrance of the plane and gave her a pathetic attempt at a smile. She smiled brightly back at him and pushed him forward into the hallway of the plane. People looked up at him in their seats as he walked very slowly down the aisle looking for his seat number (which he had time to memorize when he got his ticket). Will didn't take any luggage with him (which was probably one