Hey Guys! Another neat PJ fanfic idea that came into my head the other night, hope you enjoy and thanks so much for your reviews on my last story! :) They were both in their cabins when it happened. Both of them. They were both in the comfort of their own cabins - the cabins that they had grown up in over the years of their demigod lives and a place they felt they could finally call home - when it happened. Percy Jackson - one of the most notable demigods of his time for his outstanding record in many of the quests over the years and a demigod who played an essential role in the defeat of many dangerous foes - foes such as the cruel and deceitful titan Kronos and the ruthless and persistent goddess Gaea - seemed to be sleeping peacefully in his cabin. You could hear the soft and peaceful pitter-patter of the small water fountain that was located in the corner of the room and this, along with the beautiful night sky that was visible from the roof of the cabin made it seem such a blissful place to be. However things were not so peaceful and inviting in Percy's subconscious mind... He was in the eye of a cyclone. The wind was howling from all directions, as was the water, from the chaotic movement of the storm and it seemed that everywhere beyond the hurricane was casted in total darkness. He could only see 5 feet in front of him - what with the strange, dim light that seemed to be aimed right above the eye of the cyclone where he stood - but even this didn't stop him from immediately recognizing the person he admired and loved the most out of anyone in his world. Annabeth. She was hunched over a couple feet in front of him, sobbing loudly (he could tell because how else could he have heard her cries over the sounds of the storm?). Her long, dirty-blonde hair was tied back into a messy ponytail and it was flying in the same chaotic order as the wind and water was. Her arms were blood-stained (whether it was her blood or not he couldn't make out) and she was covered in a thick layer of dirt and grime, as if she had gone swimming in a mud pit. "Annabeth! ANNABETH!", he tried to get her attention but he knew it would be no use fighting against the howling and deafening wind of the cyclone. He tried to move towards her, to show her that he was there and that he wouldn't let anything happen to her. But his feet were placed firmly in the center of the cyclone and wouldn't move no matter how hard he pushed against the raging seas. He tried calling her name one more time, mustering all of the strength and energy he could into his cry, but it was just in vain and he hung his head in defeat. But not before she was swept away with the storm. In that moment, his world crumbled around him until nothing could be seen or heard except for his limp body in the middle of the darkness, quietly sobbing. Annabeth Chase is notable for also taking part in many well-known quests throughout the years with her boyfriend, Percy, and being one of the 7 demigods to stop Gaea from re-awakening. Her cabin seemed just as peaceful as Percy's. It was much more neat and tidy then Percy's, however, with her magical Yankees Cap and celestial bronze dagger sitting neatly on her bedside table. Her siblings were sleeping peacefully in their beds just as Annabeth seemed to be. However her shaking hands and fitful tossing and turning all throughout the night showed just how desolate and dark her nightmares truly were... She was in Daedalus's Labyrinth. Right in the middle where all of the confusing twists and turns of the maze intertwined into one circular room. Logically, one would think that she would just have to use her prior knowledge of the maze and her quick wits to navigate the daunting and confusing snake-like paths in order to escape. But there were no exits in this circular room to be seen and Annabeth was, for once, lost. How am I even here , she thought grimly, when Percy and I were in here last, we destroyed it... And just as she thought of Percy she realized how great it would've been if he were here with her. At least they could've comforted each other, told each other that everything would be okay and that they would find a way out soon. And it was funny- the kind of funny that was anything but humorous - how Percy just happened to appear right in front of her at the exact moment she had thought of him. He was bloody, dirty and tear-stained and he was being strangled to death by none other then Luke. She gasped in horror and Percy was moving his hands feverishly to his throat, trying to pry the rope from his neck. But he was weak from the fight against Luke and his attempts were in vain, Annabeth could see. "I'll give you one chance, Chase", Luke said in a hissing tone. She realized he had never addressed her as "Chase" before and it frightened her how much a person could change. "Tell me how to get out of this maze now or Jackson dies." Her eyes went wide with fear as she realized that she had no idea how to get out of the maze. This should be the spot where all of the paths intertwine , she thought, why are there no exits!? "I-I don't know how Luke", she told him, her voice shaking in fear of what he would do to Percy, "Let him go, please, I-I'll find a way I just need more t-". "Time" was what she was going to say when Luke cut her off angrily. "NO! Time is the one thing neither of us have. You know how to get out of here. Tell me NOW !", at this point he was shouting at her and he was gradually tightening the rope around Percy's neck. Percy was blue in the face and his eyes... She had never seen his eyes look the way they did now. They were shattered...broken. You could see the life - along with all of the happy memories they had shared together, the laughs, the smiles, the kisses - drain out of him and fade away into nothing. Yet he still somehow managed to have the final word. "I love you, Annabeth", he said in one final, raspy gasp for breath. She tried to move forward, to hug him, to kiss him, to let him know she loved him back but she couldn't move and she couldn't speak and at that moment Luke let the rope go and Percy dropped to the floor. But it was too late. He was dead. She screamed but no sound could be heard but the maniacal laughter of the corrupted Luke Castellan. The room was void of any living creature, man or woman, let alone one of the Greek gods/goddesses. There were several storage containers stacked in the corners of the room, most labeled with things like "Spare Gears", "Nuts and Bolts" or "Random Rivets and Flywheels". This would make the room a normal storage area. Except the boxes' labels were all written in Ancient Greek. Poof! Suddenly, a man appeared in the center of the room. He looked around and saw the storage containers and knew he was in the right place. He checked his watch - fictitiously, in a sense that he wasn't wearing one - and as he looked up, a woman appeared in front of him. "Oh for the love - Poseidon turn on the lights, you old dráma vasílissa!", she scolded . The man, Poseidon, grumbled, as he went to turn on the lights. He knew the insufferable goddess that stood before him had said much worse things to him, but he was angry nonetheless. "Off to a great start, now aren't we?", he grumbled to himself. Once he turned on the lights, one could make out the two figures in the room much more clearly: Poseidon was a tall, dark-haired man with somewhat-broad shoulders. His calloused hands made him out to be a regular fishermen, and his neatly-trimmed black beard, radiant sea-green eyes and the crinkles in his cheeks showed his light-natured, good-hearted side. Of course, that wasn't how he was feeling at the moment. He turned to face the goddess - the woman who's been his rival since the beginning. Athena. When she stood up straight (which she always did) she matched Poseidon's height. Her skin was slightly lighter then Poseidon's, however, and her long black hair was tied up in a half-up, half-down kindof style. And those eyes. Some say her dark-grey eyes have caused entire armies to surrender on the spot. They were so piercing, so fierce; as if her eyes were the very center of two, powerful storms. "Alright, Poseidon, are we going to do this or are you just going to stare me down all night?", she said with a slight edge to her voice. Poseidon shook his head to clear his thoughts. "Oh they're always clear, Poseidon", she said, reading his mind, "its not like there's anything in that big 'ol head of yours anyway", she said with a Grinch-like smile. He scowled at her, "Oh yeah? Well who's idea was it to meet here in the first place, huh Athena ?", he retorted in a mock voice. She rolled her eyes to the Heavens, "Oh please", she said in an exasperated tone, "this is the perfect place to meet. Abandoned, locked, sound-proof, stupid-proof - oh wait, nope, you're still here", she said jabbing her pointer finger into Poseidon's chest. He scowled at her once more, "If its such a perfect place to do this, then why are we in disguise?" Poseidon wore his normal outfit when he knew he would come into contact with mortals on his excursions; leather sandals, Bermuda shorts, a patterned shirt with parrots and coconuts plastered onto the front and back and a fisherman's cap that reads "Neptune's Lucky Fishing Hat" with fishing hooks sticking out on all sides. Athena, unlike Poseidon, didn't have a go-to outfit when it came to meeting mortals on her trips. She chose to wear blue jeans, an orange shirt with a faded "Camp Half-Blood" insignia on it with a denim jacket on top with her leather hiking boots and satchel. He's right , Athena knew, rubbing her tongue against the roof of her mouth in disgust of the thought, there's no purpose in putting on our disguises . Poseidon saw her hesitate - just by a fraction of a second (which was a lifetime when it came to Athena) - so he continued. "Yeah", he said, slowly gaining confidence in his argument, "What are you planning on meeting some mortals tonight? Hmm? ", he said. Athena shook her head, "No, just...", she hesitated once more, feeling foolish, and then she continued, "I had a feeling that we would need our disguises when coming here. Just a feeling. I guess I was..." she stopped. "Wrong, perhaps?", Poseidon asked teasingly. Athena gritted her teeth, "Yes, perhaps." There was a short awkward moment of silence before Poseidon decided to get back to the task at hand. He clapped his hands, "Well, instead of sitting around in this Hephaestus's old warehouse all night, let's get to work, shall we?" "Yes", Athena said, bringing out a tiny bottle of golden liquid from her leather satchel, "it seems my daughter and your son have been being terrorized by that insufferable Phobetor." (AUTHORS NOTE: Phobetor is the Greek God of Nightmares, son of Hypnos, Greek God of Sleep, FYI :)) Poseidon nodded as