A/N: A little backstory before we begin: Cherry told me a story of being drunk with some of the actors in 2010. A dream resulted from that RL event of hers. This is that story; my dream (only a small portion). While I wrote this, she helped out a lot in advice, wording, and other suggestions, and not only because she was my beta. I've asked her permission to use certain things that happened in this, and she agreed. Minneapolis, MN, where this story takes place, is like a second home for me. I haven't been in a couple years due to certain reasons, but it still holds a place with me. Not everything in here is true, but not everything in here is false; some are twisted truths or creative writing. SM owns everything Twilight. The events that happened on this night belong to the people who were there. I'm just happy I could use one person's experience as inspiration. One Night at the Hilton I'm in the shower, singing along with the music coming from my phone. The past two days have been awesome, all thanks to my best friend Rosalie. She works in the entertainment business as PA. Turns out when your boss has certain connections in casinos, event arenas, theaters, Hollywood studios, and other big name locations, you can pretty much get in to almost anything, anywhere. This is how I—being Rosalie's BFF—got to be her plus one to the Moonlight Convention, and am staying in the same hotel as the stars. " You have to go," she'd said. " It'll be a blast," she'd said. And it is, but I obviously forgot what having a friend like Rosalie Hale is like. " There will be hot guys there." Damn her and knowing me too well. My resolve kind of died when she said that; plus, her puppy dog look didn't help. She's very convincing, can't you tell? I've been a sweaty mess today, with all the running around we did. The convention center was crowded with hot bodies, both literally and figuratively. With Rose having long ass legs and a beautifully curvaceous body, and me having short legs, big thighs, and a bubble butt, I have to walk faster to keep up with her. Some might consider me the D.U.F.F. in comparison to her. She says I don't see myself clearly. I just respond with the "I feel I'm a realist" statement. While this was kind of work for Rose, it was also time to play for her and fun for me. Of course she was a bad influence and convinced me to put my name in about ten different drawings that I couldn't possibly win, and got me to buy stuff I don't even know what to do with. That was Friday, our first day. Today , Saturday, she tried to get me to dress up as a vampire—similar to someone from the Underworld movies—because I kind of look like a character in Moonlight, the vampire movie we're here for. You can't see my face right now, but I can tell you I'm not happy at the memory. And I can't tell you what she was thinking when it came to the clothes she had picked out for me, but I got her talked down to the corset … only. Of course I wore it with other clothes, but I picked those; a white button-up shirt and black pants with a pair black boots, sans heels. I am so going to get her back for that. I'm not sure how yet, as she's a tough one, but I will. Finally done with my shower, I wrap my hair up, step out of the tub, and then dry off. I crack the door open to cool the bathroom and myself off a bit. I'm still singing, but not as loud. I finish moisturizing and put on my selected undergarments: a matching dark blue push-up bra and cheeky boy-short panty set. After those are perfectly in place, I unwrap the towel holding my hair. I comb through it, flip my hair over my head, and then scrunch it to give me those awesome natural waves once it's dry. I open the door, take one step out and look up. My eyes widen and I shriek out, "OH MY GOD!" as I realize that Rosalie isn't alone. I rush back inside the bathroom and slam the door closed. "What the FUCK, Rosalie?!" I yell through the door. All I hear is her laughing hysterically. "Stop laughing, you bitch, and get me my robe or something!" I'm stuck in this bathroom in practically nothing while she's laughing her ass off at my utter embarrassment. Why the fuck didn't she tell me people were coming over? Give her the benefit of the doubt. Maybe she didn't— Oh fuck you, logic! If she didn't know, then she would have told me when they got here, and wouldn't be dying from hysterics twenty feet from me. There are four other people in our room and they're all men. They're men I don't know and they were staring at me. Oh God! How much did they really see? I had the door cracked before covering my lady bits and I was in front of the slowly clearing mirror. Fuck! How did I not even see them? I glare at my phone and scold myself for getting lost in my awesome music. She is definitely going to get it now. The knock on the door accompanied by Rose's voice makes me open it a crack. "I have a nice, fluffy robe for you." Her amusement is clear and I just know she has a sweet smile plastered across her face. I want to smack her, but I refrain because I don't want to hurt myself in the process. I don't even look at her; I just reach my hand out for it while keeping the rest of me hidden, and then close the door. I pick my dirty clothes up off the floor, open the door, and walk out. Not once do I look at who's here, but I glare at Rose all the way across our room. "Rose," I say in warning, "may I speak with you alone, please?" It sounds like I'm asking, but she knows I'm actually demanding. She gets up silently and gives me the sweet smile of faux innocence I knew she had on earlier. I stand inside the bedroom by the door and, with her inside, close it with feigned calmness. "What's up, B?" "What's up? Really? Why did you not tell me that people were coming over?" "You were in the shower, singing along with your phone. I yelled through the door, but I guess you didn't hear me." "How long have we been friends?" I ask, crossing my arms over my chest. She sighs and sits on the edge of the bed. "Since we were seven." "And how many times have we talked to each other naked or in otherwise compromising positions? With one of us going pee on the phone or one talking to the other in the same bathroom as the one taking her shower?" "Too many," she mutters. "Exactly!" Now it's my turn to sigh. "Rose, I love you and you're basically my sister, but come on. If it was people we both knew, it probably wouldn't have been as bad. 'Course, I probably won't see these people again." "I'm sorry, Bella. Forgive me?" "Yes, I forgive you, but don't forget to warn me next time. You sometimes forget that I know you too well." I point at her and make circles with my finger, all with narrowed eyes. She nods, saying she'll do her best. I roll my eyes, knowing that'll be tough for her. "Now that that's out of the way, who are they?" She smirks and says, "That's Edward Cullen, Mike Newton, Garrett White, and Riley Biers. You may know them from that one vampire movie everyone's been talking about. You know, the one we're here for? I had to set up an interview with my boss, but couldn't actually talk to them about it until now. I had hoped you'd be out of the shower and dressed before they showed up, but clearly I was wrong." And you still didn't tell me. "Stop trying to kill me with your mind. You know you can't and besides, you love me too much. And, they want to hang out with us tonight. You don't just turn that down." I scrunch my face in contemplation, then huff and drop my head. Damn. She's right. No one would want to turn down hanging out with one of them, let alone all four. "They better have a fun streak or else." She snorts. "Or else what?" I think about it. "I don't know. Something." She just laughs some more. "Whatever. Go entertain them while I figure out what to wear." I turn to my suitcase and open it, riffling through everything and muttering to myself. I don't know what to wear—a dress or nice pants and top? "Why must there be hot movie stars in our hotel room?" Once dressed in something comfortable but decent for going out—jeans, a tight black tank top, my swan necklace, and black chucks—I take a deep breath and walk out to face our guests. I make eye contact with Rose and she stands. "Guys, this is my best friend, Bella Swan." I wave and sit down next to her. "Sorry 'bout earlier. Had I known our room wasn't going to be empty, things would have happened differently." Edward clears his throat. "Gotta admit, it was a hell of an ice breaker, though." He's smiling and he's just got one of those smiles that make others smile too. I snort. "Yeah. Speaking of ice breakers and embarrassment…" I turn to look at Rose with what I hope is an innocent smile. She fixes me with her signature glare. "You wouldn't." I just keep smiling and raise my eyebrows. "Blondie here," I say, turning back to our guests, "thought that on the first day of tenth grade it would be a great idea to wear a flowy skirt with a thong. Let's just say it was windy that day." "And since you decided to share that, we're going to do karaoke tonight." I start to protest, but she covers my mouth with her hand. "And you have to do one song by yourself—because you do have a good voice, despite what you think—and one song with each of the rest of us." I groan. I hate doing karaoke by myself because I hate being the center of attention. She removes her hand fast since I just licked it. "Ugh! Gross," she says, wiping her palm down her pant leg. "Fine, but I'm doing my single one last. I have to get warmed up, you know." Rose snorts. "You mean liquored up." "Uh … DUH!" I say. I mean, obviously. I just hope I don't fall face first from drinking too much. After a little more chit chat about our plan for the night, we leave our room for what I'm sure is going to be a crazy night full of embarrassing activities, innuendos, and highly inappropriate awesomeness. ~ONatH~ I'm nervous as hell to be around these guys, but they're just people; they're just people that make way more money than me and are known by probably a quarter, if not half, of the Earth's population. It's hard not to fan girl at least a little. I've been doing pretty well keeping it inside though, so there's that. I'm totally giving myself an invisible pat on the back right now since I'm still currently in their presence. But as soon as I'm alone I'm letting that shit out, preferably in my room so I can scream and flail in my pillow. First on our list is bowling, and it's only