A/N: This is a REPOST and it has been slightly reworked. This first chapter hasn't changed, much, say for some corrected errors that I missed and a few wording changes. Beta'd by blueeyedcherry, my fic wifey! Love ya sweet cheeks! I do appreciate, and have to thank, the two others that offered their beta services, but it just felt wrong not to have her do it. She already helped with a different fic and I've known her for a few years. Plus I'm always asking her about stuff. WARNING: There will be talk of miscarriages and both verbal and physical abuse. If these are triggers for you, proceed with caution. SM owns all things Twilight. "Get Out Alive" is owned by Three Days Grace and everyone else involved. They were both just inspiration for me. Chapter 1: Getting Out EPOV I've been out of college for two weeks and I haven't heard a word from the places I applied to. I went to the University of Washington and majored in architecture. Maybe the lack of responses is a sign that I need to leave this city, but Tacoma has been my home for as long as I can remember. What can I say? I love the cold. Unfortunately, my now ex-fiancée, Irina, took all of my money. Well, all but two-hundred dollars of it. At least she had the decency to leave me enough for gas and food for a couple of weeks. The bitch even maxed out my credit cards. How stupid was I to think that having a joint account was a good idea when we weren't actually married yet? Oh yeah, I was blinded by the love I thought was there and I believed nothing could go wrong. There I was, at a jewelry store getting ready to buy Irina this diamond necklace she would love, when the woman came back saying that my card was declined. There's nothing more embarrassing than that, especially when all of my other cards were declined as well. I told the lady I'd be back as soon as I figured out what happened, but she couldn't put the necklace on layaway without ten percent of the payment. That happened a couple of days before graduation. The necklace was supposed to be a gift, because I knew she expected something. She really liked those kinds of material things, which I guess in hindsight should have been a red flag. She was a fake, plastic, blue-eyed, blonde haired bitch. She even had the audacity to act pissed off that someone would hijack my identity and buy all kinds of shit, when in reality it was her who bought everything—a jet ski, a boat … even a fucking snake at some random pet store in Arizona. Graduation day came and after the ceremony, she just said, "Sorry, but I can't be with you anymore. You have no money and I've been cheating on you with Laurent anyway. It was fun while it lasted." Laurent, as in her French professor. I'm pretty damn sure that she gave him access to my cards and then just took what she wanted from our account. I'm getting pissed again just thinking about it. So, with my broken heart and broken bank account, I left campus and came home. I fucking loathe her. I'm surfing the internet in my old room when I hear a commotion in my father's office downstairs. I open my door and go to the end of the hall. From the top of the stairs, I see two men pointing a gun at my father. What the fuck is going on? I slide back enough that my body is hidden, but I'm still able to see them. The two men are in suits, just like my father, and both have jet-black hair. The man on the right has shoulder length, while the other looks a little longer than military cut. My father looks like he's pleading with them but I don't know why. He had a gambling problem when I was younger, but I thought he got better. I should go back in my room and call the police, but I'm frozen in my spot, afraid they'll hear me. Suddenly, the man on the right fires his gun, shooting my father in the stomach. I jump at the loud sound and watch as my father stumbles and holds his wound. The other man is still pointing his gun, telling my dad something that seems to frighten him. I watch as the man with the short hair shoots him in the chest. Dad falls to the floor, unmoving. I want to run downstairs and kill them, but they have guns and I'm unarmed. Besides, I have to think rationally, so I just stay there, hidden, while they trash his office looking for something. They find some loose cash, take it, and then leave. I hear the man with the longer hair say to get rid of the evidence as they walk to the front door. Once I know they're gone, I rush downstairs to my dying, if not already dead, father. With tears falling down my cheeks, I lift his head and call out to him. His eyes snap open and he gasps for breath. "Edward! You need to get out of here. They'll probably be back." He coughs and spits up some blood. "I love you, Son, but you need to run as far as you can and never come back here. Hide, but not your mistakes. They'll only come back to haunt you. The safe under the desk, 6-20-92 …" With those last words, he's gone. He didn't get to finish whatever he was going to say and I don't know what to do anymore. Do I do as he said or do I stay and possibly end my family's line? I didn't want to leave him like this—no one should be left like this—but I have to. I have to do what he wished. Perhaps I'll have a proper goodbye one day, but not today. With that in mind, I give my father a kiss on the forehead before letting go and laying him back down on the floor. I crawl over to the desk and look at the space beneath it. I don't see anything out of place, so I start feeling around. There's a loose board and I have to pry it a little to get it to come up. Punching in the code, I open the hidden safe and find ten bundles of cash, all in hundreds. What the fuck? There's got to be at least twenty grand here. Why didn't he just give those guys what's here? I run up to my room, changing my blood stained clothes and quickly packing a couple of bags. I don't know where I should go. Maybe I could just go to some motel for the night and decide later? I decide that's what I'll do, and I leave my father and everything behind. I make my way to the door when I see a car pulling up. The two guys are back. I look around and decide to hide in the coat closet, so I can easily slip away, hopefully unnoticed. Just as I close the closet door, the front one opens and I can faintly hear them talking. "Let's just roll the body up in the rug and get out of here. There's a good fuck waiting for me at the boss's club." "Yeah, tell me 'bout it. Heidi is waiting for me at home." "How you're not bored with her, I'll never know." Their voices fade away enough that I know I have to leave now or I never will. I'm afraid that if I don't leave now, I'll get caught. As quietly as possible in my state of mind, I open the door and walk out. I get to my car, start it and reverse out of the driveway. Apparently, my car wasn't as quiet starting as I needed it to be, because when I get to the bottom of the driveway I see the two guys running towards me. There are other houses nearby and I guess that's why they don't shoot at me, but they probably got my plates. There's only one person I know I can trust, so I call my best friend Emmett. "Yo, Ed! What's up?" his booming voice answers. "Hey, Em. I, uh … my father ran into some trouble and they'll probably be after me, now. They saw me leave the house." "What the fuck? What happened?" he asks. "I'll explain once I'm settled somewhere. If anyone asks about me, just say you haven't heard anything." "Ed—" "I promise, as soon as I'm settled, I'll call and explain. I just needed you to be aware that you might not see me for a while. Look, I gotta go. Talk later." I hang up before he can say anything. I'm sure he could hear the stress in my voice, and though he'll want to call back, he won't. With that phone call out of the way, I continue making my way toward Des Moines. I'm sure I can find some place there to stop for the night so I can make a better plan. I would like to stay in Seattle, but I don't think that's a possibility anymore. The only reason to stay in Seattle now would be to fly out. I've just made it to the outskirts of Tacoma when something in my mirror catches my eye. A black SUV is swerving in and out of traffic. "Fuck!" I say aloud to myself. Now what? I have to lose them somehow. I need to get off of the interstate. I take the next exit after the Puyallup River. I don't know if city streets are a good idea with all the stoplights and people, but they're better than a high-speed interstate chase. Plus they give me buildings to hide behind. Luck is on my side as I get to the light and find it green. The SUV is still a few cars behind me, but that doesn't matter. I take a left onto 20th St. and zigzag my way through the side roads. I might have lost them, but I'm not sure. The high school is in my way so I can't see through to the main road. I keep making turns just in case. After about ten more minutes on this side of the main street, I decide it should be clear enough. I haven't seen that SUV since 54th St. and I know they'll be after me for a while, but for now I'm hoping they're gone. If not, then there are plenty of streets I can weave through. I look around, determining how to get back to the interstate and get away. The light turns green and I make my left. I pray that they aren't still down here. I'm on edge as I drive towards the on ramp. I find it's actually more difficult to drive when I'm constantly looking in the mirrors and at everything around me, all while trying to avoid getting in an accident. That would be the icing on the cake. I should call the cops, but I just know they'll want me to come in and then they'll try to protect me. I want to believe in the law and that it will help me, but I don't know if I can do that just yet. My father's words replay in my head. "… you need to run as far as you can and never come back here." I need to do that; I need to run and hide. I don't know whom these men work for or if they have other jobs. For all I know, one—or both of them for that matter—could be a dirty cop. I can't chance it, not yet. Finally, I make it to the on ramp