Disclaimer: I don't own anything. I don't even own the place I'm living in, I'm renting it. Damn waste of money but I get to keep my snakes, rats, lizards, and doggos so it's a trade off for now. The point is, I don't want to get sued and lose with I don't have; hence the disclaimer. The war was over. The light had won. With Voldemort defeated and most of his followers either dead or locked away, there was a sigh of relief among many in the wizarding world. With the threat of the Dark Lord and his minions gone, people began to rebuild what they lost. Homes, businesses, and families. There was hopefulness about the world once again. Time ticked by and the five year anniversary of the fall of Voldemort was quickly approaching. After the war, many people went their separate ways. Rebuilding the lost buildings, such as Hogwarts, called for many skilled witches and wizards, some wanted to get away from the destruction and bloodshed to find themselves, others set out to pick up where they left off…or start their lives over. Whichever they saw fit to do. Even though the wary souls of battle had gone about their lives, the anniversary brought them back together every year. Minster of Magic, Kingsley Shacklebolt, had declared the day a wizarding holiday. It was celebrated worldwide. With the holiday being just a week away, preparations were being made at Hogwarts to welcome back those that fought and protected the school from overwhelming evil. After defeating the Dark Lord, Hermione went back to school, unlike her two best friends, and received the highest honors that Hogwarts had to offer their graduates. She was about a year behind the boys entering the workforce, but with her knowledge and heroic status, she was able to secure herself a place in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. Harry, not to anyone's surprise, became and Auror. Even without finishing his education, he was welcomed warmly into the Ministry by Shacklebolt to start his training at once. Ron, who didn't want to deal with any more tests, secured himself a spot as the Keeper of a minor league Quidditch team. He soon proved himself after a year and a half and was drafted to play for Chudley Cannons. They each had their own lives but made time to see one another at least once a week. It was usually over a butterbeer or Firewhiskey in Hogsmeade or somewhere similar. Somewhere that brought back fond memories where they could talk. Sometimes they would meet at Hagrid's hut to enjoy the company of the half giant and whatever creature he had lurking about that week. This is where Hermione found herself today. A week from the celebration, which fell on a Friday evening, and working on more official Ministry business, Hermione gently knocked on the hut door and waited for an answer. It didn't take long for Hagrid to open up the large, creaking wooden door and smile warmly down at Hermione. "'Mione! Good ta see ya. Where are ta boys at?" He questioned as he took a quick look around outside to see if she had company. "Just me today Hagrid. I was wondering if you could give me some information one a few creatures and if there are any populations of them in the immediate area." She stated matter-of-factually with a smile on her face. The war had changed a lot of people but it definitely hadn't changed Hermione much, if at all. The brunette still had soft brown hair that fell in gentle waves down her back, usually falling several inches below her shoulder blades. When she was working, like today, it was pulled back into a neat, professional bun that aged her a few years. She still had warm brown eyes that were only slightly battle worn from the years of stress that the war caused everyone. Not much had changed about her body except the style of clothing she wore. Always on the thinner side, her early twenties only filled her out a little and her constant schedule of working left her petite. Because of this her professional attire usually consisted of a knee length skirt, a sharply pressed button up shirt, and a jacket to cover her thin frame. No one would have expected the bushy haired, buck toothed, know-it-all to blossom into the well put together, professional woman that she was today. "O course 'Mione. Come on in and 'ave a cuppa tea." The half giant said cheerfully as he moved to let her into the small hut. Hagrid made his way over to the kettle that was hanging over the fire and gingerly took it off the heat. He poured them two cups and sat them on the table that was between them. "So….what can I do fer ya?" He asked as Hermione picked up a spoon and stirred some honey into her tea. "Well Hagrid…I was wondering if you've heard of any unusual sightings or activity nearby involving hippogriffs, centaurs, or werewolves?" Hermione asked as she opened her notebook, carefully running her finger down her notes until she came to what she was looking for. "Well…ta be 'onest, I 'aven't heard of much going on around 'ere since the war ended. Then again, I 'aven't really 'ad to deal with things out there too much since I quit teachin'." He confessed as he took a drink of his tea. A few years ago Hagrid decided to retire from teaching. Hermione wasn't sure if it was upsetting or a godsend to any future students of his. She remembered a few times that she questioned the safety of his classes but loved the large man for his passion regardless. "Oh yeah…speaking of that, did they ever get someone to permanently take the job? I know that they've been having issues finding someone since that herd of blast-ended skrewts got out and torched one of the greenhouses down." The witch had to stifled a chuckle as she remembered how enraged Neville had been that a summer's worth of growing had been destroyed in just a few minutes thanks to the creatures. "Yeah, actually..." Hagrid said, smiling a little at the memory as well. "Miss Lovegood is finally back from 'er expeditions and 'as decided to take up the post." Hermione's eyebrow cocked slightly up when she heard the news. Luna? She hadn't seen her in quite some time now. It had to have been a few years actually. The last she knew, the blonde witch was touring the wilds of Europe, Asia, and the Americas documenting magical plants and creatures with a gentleman named Rolf Scamander. They were no doubt continuing the work of Rolf's grandfather, Newt, who wrote one of their school text books. "Did she finish her work?" She asked, setting her teacup down with a gentle tap on the wood. "I have received a lot of published works by her on my desk over the years. They've helped a lot with passing laws for magical creatures and beings due to the amount of research that she has put into them. It's actually quite amazing." It was true that Luna's work had significantly made Hermione's life easier over the years. When dealing with magical creatures there was a stigma attached to them. Without someone willing to research into them more, it was difficult to convince those around her that they weren't as dangerous as they seemed. The works of literature published by the pair was so detailed that it was hard to refute the cognitive abilities of a lot of these creatures. This lowered their ratings with the Ministry and made laws less restrictive for them. If anything, Hermione had an extreme amount of respect for the younger witch and her time spent in the field. After spending a little over an hour with Hagrid, Hermione bid him farewell so she could get back to work. It was a Friday evening and she wanted to finish her work so that she could spend some time with Harry and Ron that evening. They had planned to go to the Three Broomsticks for a few drinks and some catching up. A small smile crept onto her face as she thought about her two best friends. They were like family to her. Slowly her smile faded as she realized that's the only family she really had now. Between Harry and the Weasleys, that's all she had. Her parents were safe in Australia but they would never remember her. They would never know they had a daughter. The thought pained Hermione. It pained her to think of these things but she knew it was for the best. Reaching up she wiped a few stray tears from her eyes and continued to the apparition point. There wasn't time to dwell on sad memories. They are safe and happy, and she had work to do. With the last file neatly floating into the filing cabinet, Hermione sighed and stretched up and back in her chair with a low moan. She had been sitting there for hours finishing up any paperwork from earlier that week. Now completed, she stood and gathered her belongings and checked the time. It was 8:11pm. She was late! Hermione cursed herself as she apparated with a pop. She felt the tug of being propelled through the landscape until she gently landed on the worn path to the Hogsmeade village. Her boots clicked on the stone as she hurried towards the Three Broomsticks where she knew her friends were waiting on her. Slightly out of breath when she reached the door, she stood up straight and walked in, trying to compose herself. It didn't take her but a few moments to spot the flaming red hair that belonged to Ron. It seemed that just as quickly as she spotted them, the boys caught a glimpse of her. Harry raised his hand to wave at her from across the room as Hermione pushed her way through the packed pub. "I'm so sorry I'm late guys….I got…." "Caught up with work." The boys said in unison with broad grins on their face, much to Hermione's displeasure. "We know you too well 'Mione." Ron said as he stood and wrapped his arms around her in a big bear hug. Hermione smiled and hugged her broad friend back, kissing her cheek lightly. Harry stood up next and hugged the brunette, picking her up off the ground, earning him a squeak of surprise. "Put me down Harry!" She laughed; resting her hands on his shoulders as he slowly lowered her back to the ground. Taking her seat across from the boys, Hermione reached up and let her hair out of the tight bun on top of her head. "It was definitely a day. I went to see Hagrid." She told them, shaking her hair out gently so that it would fall more evenly down her back. The boys asked how Hagrid was doing and then they fell into easy conversation about the happenings in their lives over the past week. Harry told them about the training he was undergoing at the Ministry and Ron informed them of an upcoming game (like they ever needed to be reminded) and asked if them were going to be able to come watch him play. "You know I always come to your games, mate." Harry said, lightly slugging Ron in the arm with a grin on his face. Harry was as big of a Quidditch fan as Ron, but playing professionally wasn't his calling. Hermione smiled and looked up from the table where her hands were neatly folded. "I'd love to Ron. What time is it again?" She asked but noticed that the red head was staring off across the room, his mouth slightly agape. "Ron?" She asked, moving to get into his view slightly. When that didn't work she picked up her hand and waved