K nights of Olympia~ Chapter 1: The Makings of a Knight Thunder rumbles across the sky, and cold water falls, rolling off the canopy that is barely large enough to cover the two orphans who huddle beneath it, wrapped in a small gray blanket. "Nico," Hazel whimpers, "I'm s-s-so c-cold." Nico huddles closer, wrapping his arms around her, hoping he's not making it worse; he's cold as well and doesn't want to add cold to cold. "Sh-should I, ah, g-get something?" His voice is hoarse from coughing earlier, and he is grateful that at least it's stopped… for now. "L-like what?" Hazel asks, "I d-don't want you to g-go in," she shakes her head, "Not with those..." she buries her head in Nico's shoulder, unable to complete the horrifying thought. "I would rather sleep out here." "B-but," Nico holds her closer, "if it means a fire and warmth for you, I sh-should." It wouldn't be that bad . He thinks, but shivers at the thought. The memory comes back to him: "He's just a little bastard, who's gonna care?" The figure groans drunkenly. " Please!" Bianca screeches. Nico hates remembering that voice, what that monster said, how he said it, what he did to Bianca for trying to stop him, what he tried...Nico shakes his head the only memory that he likes is the one of the scum's life slowly leaving eyes...not the best memory to treasure of one's young life... "N-no," Hazel says from his arms, "Besides, t-t-tomorrow we will reach C-Camelot and you will get work for us." She nods her head, convinced in the best, though she might have just been shivering, Nico can't tell. "Who kn-knows maybe the knights there will be r-real ones?...L-like the kind from stories…" She smiles to herself. Nico doesn't confirm or deny her hopes. He doesn't want to raise her expectations, but he also doesn't want to crush them. They've already lost so much; and her hopes, though little things, are sparks of innocence he wants her to keep. "W-we can sneak into the stables...hi-ide under the hay." he holds her close for a second before tugging them both upwards. "It'll be w-warmer, yes?" Hazel nods in approval. When they reach the stables the horses react to Nico's presence. They start to neigh loudly and shift in terror. "Oh!" Hazel groans in exasperation and goes up to one of the bigger spooked horses. "Woah! Woah! …Easy!" She says, looking at it with her bright golden eyes. "Shhhh…" The horse clams down instantly at the small girl's enchanting touch, and the other horses follow suit, their neighs become nervous shuffling and wide frightened eyes that Nico can see though the gloom. "There." Hazel walks back to Nico, rubbing at her shoulders, "I suppose we spooked them, huh?" "Of course… we ," Nico nods uncertainly. Animals usually act this way around him, but he can't figure out why. He's wary of sleeping in an occupied stall, but being caught would also be bad. "Up the ladder." He whispers, wrapping the blanket around Hazel's shoulders; recapturing the warmth she's losing. It will be a sleepless night, but at least they won't be freezing in the rain. He holds the ladder as Hazel climbs up, making sure it won't skid under her weight. Hazel reaches the top and in turn, holds the ladder in place for Nico. There isn't any hay but the floor will suffice as long as is warmer than outside. Hazel lies down and frees up some of the blanket from one side so Nico can slide in. "We are almost there." She smiles, "We will make the rest of the distance tomorrow." Her stomach growls. Nico frowns, as he slips in beside her, and wraps her in his arms. "Y-yeah." he says, and strokes her hair until her breath evens out and he can tell she's asleep. He sighs, and smiles sadly. Hazel deserves so much better than what he can provide. Extracting himself from her lax hold, Nico climbs down the rickety ladder and gathers some hay, working around the skittish horses as quickly as possible. He buries Hazel in it figuring it will keep her warm while he's gone; probably even warmer than he does. Nico steals down to the back door. It's a tavern, so there will be food somewhere. The lock on the door is hardly the most sophisticated he's encountered and is easily picked. Stealing some bread for both of them, he scarfs another one down while he can. There's stew on the stove, and Nico sips, knowing instantly he has to get some for Hazel. It's a thin broth mostly, with vegetables and some stringy meat, but it's the most delicious thing he's tasted in a long while. He palms a single shriveled apple before he hears someone on the stairs, and being too far from the door, slides quickly into the pantry, huddling down next to a sack of potatoes. "Percy, you really should not be in here." A male voice says. "Come now, Jason, if you do not plan on telling, then who is going to?" "Are you really that hungry?" Jason says adopting a stern tone, almost scolding his friend. "We are supposed to be sleeping... We arrive at Camelot tomorrow ...You will not be able to sneak around and do as you please when we get there," He continues as Percy ignores him. "Please, Jason, we are going to be revered knights… Which means, we get to do whatever we desire." Percy picks up and apple and offers one to his companion. "No, thank you, I do not need to consume nearly as much as you do." "Not for you," Percy says, "for the horses, Blackjack has traveled a long way and I will not suffer him another tasteless bag of oats if I can help it." Jason nods in reluctant agreement and takes an apple for his own horse before the two of them exit the kitchen together. Nico listens until he's sure they've left, and then scurries out the door, his heart beating wildly. He only allows himself a sigh of relief when he's next to Hazel again, touching her shoulder and directing her to drink down the soup and eat something in her half asleep state. He doubts she'll remember much, and saves the last little loaf of bread for her to eat in the morning. The best part about her not remembering, is that he can feed her more, and she won't feel like she's taking "his share"… whatever that is. He tosses the bowl down into the hay where someone will eventually find it, and lies down next to her, dozing off and on, hoping that they'll be able to get out before the knights do. The next morning, the clouds have cleared and sun shines into the stables in small streams through the holes in the wood. The stable door opens and Nico wakes instantly. Peering down cautiously, he sees one of the knights go up to a horse with an apple. "Morning, Blackjack." By the sound of his voice, Nico identifies him as Percy, and frowns. This is the man that claimed he should be able to do anything since he was a knight; Nico hates the mentality, sadly it's one that most knights have. "How are you?" Percy asks, and Blackjack neighs at him. "Is that so? Well, here is an apple to settle your nerves." Blackjack neighs again and delicately takes the apple as Percy nods and glances up the upper part of the stables where Nico is hiding. His shoulders tense, and what seemed like a one-sided conversation between master and horse seems more suspicious. "Well then, I'll be back to get you after breakfast." Percy says, leaving the way he came. Nico scrambles to his feet the second he hears the door to the inn close, shaking Hazel awake, and quickly gathering the hay into his arms, throwing it down into an empty stall beneath them. "Hmm?" Hazels wakes up "what izit brothheerr?" She says, sleepily. "Time to go." He whispers, and shoves the bread in her mouth as she yawns. "I don't know how," he continues, watching her sleepy eyes clear, "but I suspect we've been discovered by one of the knights. We need to leave. Now." He waits for her to finish chewing. "Yes." Hazel responds as she gets up and stretches. She gathers up the blanket and wears it like a shawl, indicating she is ready to leave. Nico slides down the ladder without much thought for himself and holds the ladder for Hazel, anxious to be gone before the knight Percy gets back. Hazel follows more cautiously, and pets the horses noses to calm them, before they rush from the stables in fearful silence. When Percy returns to the stables, he climbs up the ladder to see that the people previously up there were gone. Blackjack had described them but he'd wanted to see them in person. He looks down at the small sack of food he brought. "I suppose this is mine now." He shrugs. "Look Nico! There it is!" Hazel's face lights up, "Camelot! We've made it!" She exclaims, about ready to sprint off. Nico manages a grin. "Don't leave me behind." He says, shoving the rest of the bread into Hazel's mouth before she can get away. "You don't know what kind of trouble I'll get into without you." Hazel stops bouncing with joy as a dark memory returns to her, the trouble…Her expression turns sad and she squeezes her brother tightly, shaking her head "No! nonono!" She exclaims as she buries her head into his chest. Nico rubs her back, "Sorry. I… Was trying to tease you." He hadn't meant for his comment to upset her. "Just meant I might steal something." "Oh…that's fine then." Hazel looks up at Nico, her eyes still worried. She looks to the large castle town and becomes excited once more. The land from her stories was just a few feet away and she couldn't wait anymore. Giggling, she grabs her brother by the hand, and pulls him along behind her. "Let's go!" When they arrive, Nico's first instinct is to get more food. But he'd promised Bianca that he'd try to find work to support Hazel if they ever made it to Camelot. Now here they were. Hazel is hopeful of their prospects, Nico less so. Still, he would honor Bianca's wish, though he has no idea where to even begin. He fingers the brand on his forearm self-consciously. He has no particular fondness for large cities, though there are more people to pickpocket should he choose. Usually he prefers stealing only what he needs. A dirty orphan with money attracts too much suspicion, and shop keepers are always reluctant to take stolen money for some reason Nico can't fathom. But then again, maybe it is just him. He approaches the nearest street vendor, "Excuse me." he crosses his arms to keep the burn hidden. "Do you know where I could find work here?" The shop keep looks down at him with an unwelcoming expression. "Customers?" The shopkeeper's wife looks over excitedly. The shopkeeper shakes his head. "Nah, kids looking for work." The wife's excitement leaves."Well not around here," she says and turns around again now uninterested. The shopkeeper looks back at Nico, and repeats his wife. "Nah not here, I don't even know where ya could..." he looks over at Hazel who is hiding shyly behind Nico. "I know where you might get her some work." He says. Nico's eyes harden, knowing exactly what the Shop-keep is implying. "If it's honest." He grits his teeth. The shopkeeper doesn't respond and after a pause he shakes his head. "I dunno lad, they sometimes need help down in the quarries and are willing to feed ya, but I don't know about pay. If you're not gonna buy nothin', you should move along" He dismisses them with a