Summary: Legolas was not always a kind elf, for some reason he disliked one particular elleth. In his dislike he pushed her too far and she fled Mirkwood. When she returns, she's not the elleth Legolas remembers. Disclaimer: I don't own Legolas or any of the Lord of the Rings characters. If I did, I would be filthy rich and I most certainly am not. "Legolas?" The Elven Prince looked up from his book. "Yes, Ada ?" "It is now official," he said softly. "Your sister is to wed Haldir of Lorien." Though the king was trying to hide it, Legolas could see how proud he was that his daughter had finally chosen a mate. It was even a mate he greatly approved of. "That is wonderful news; they are to be married soon?" He sincerely wished the best to his sister, but, the moment his sister was married off, his father would begin searching for a bride for Legolas with renewed vigor. "The preparations will get underway the moment Haldir arrives," the king replied. "I shall go see to the preparations for our guests." Thranduil turned to go, but paused for a moment at the door. "Oh, and Legolas?" "Yes, Ada ?" "Haldir's cousin is coming with him. They say she once lived here, but fled because of the tauntings of one particular elfling," he told his son casually. Legolas felt a shock run through his body. What was his father implying? His father left before he could ask. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoO "Alanoriel, please," Haldir begged his younger cousin. "What's wrong? You used to love traveling." She said nothing, but a few silvery tears leaked from her icy blue eyes. Haldir sighed as he watched her. Ever since she had learned that Haldir was to wed the princess of Mirkwood she had been very quiet and withdrawn. Nothing could make her laugh. No one could make her eat or drink anything. She had barely moved from her spot since the news was broken. The only thing Haldir knew was that she had fled Mirkwood when she was still an elfling. Alanoriel was a small elf, smaller than most anyway. She had pale skin and black hair. Her eyes were so light a blue they seemed to be made of ice. Many elves had taken to referring to her as the Ice Princess, not just because of her looks. When Alanoriel had first arrived in Lothlorien many of the eligible elven males had made offers of marriage to her and the maidens offered their friendship. Without even glancing in either direction, Alanoriel had simply glided through. The only people she spoke to were her cousins. They wondered at the changes they had seen in her. Before coming to Lorien she had been a very bright and joyful elleth. She was constantly playing jokes on the unsuspecting and then vanishing from sight until the victim had calmed down enough that they could be apologized to. This Alanoriel hadn't smiled once since her arrival over five centuries ago. "Alana," Haldir whispered softly as he brushed her ebony hair back. "I don't know what happened in Mirkwood, but things have changed. It has been over five centuries. You need to move on." He stroked her hair gently as she continued to sit silently beside him. "I will go," she said, speaking for the first time in a week. "I will go because you are my cousin and my friend, but do not ask that I involve myself with any male." Haldir nodded and stood. "I will not ask anything more of you than your presence." He extended his hand to his younger cousin who took it. The two elves moved quickly through the trees to prepare for the journey to Mirkwood. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoO "Legolas!" The Elven Prince lowered his bow to look at the one who had called out to him. His good friend, Ranian, was jogging across the archery field towards him. "Have you heard the news?" Ranian asked. "What news?" Legolas queried. He thought as the king's son he would have news quicker than others. "Alanoriel is returning to Mirkwood," the other elf said as if it were obvious. "Who is Alanoriel?" The prince drew his bow and sent an arrow plunging into his target. "Who is Alanoriel?" Ranian quoted with a disbelieving laugh. "She's only the elleth that you used to torture all the time. Remember the one you embarrassed in front of the whole body of nobles by making her dress fall off?" Legolas yelped and nearly loosed an arrow in the wrong direction. "Her? She's coming back?" He didn't know if the elleth would hold a grudge, but if she did . . . The things the girl could do were numerous. Especially if she was angry about the dress incident. Flashback Legolas smirked to himself as he slipped into Alanoriel's room. She wouldn't be expecting him this time. Last time she'd managed to embarrass him by pointing out his actions to his father. He intended to repay her for the trouble he'd gotten into. Embarrassing her at tonight's banquet would be perfect. Lying across the elleth's bed was a simple but beautiful blue dress. Legolas pulled out a tiny knife he'd snatched from one of the maids. It was designed specifically to cut stitches. For several days he'd been watching the maids and even asked about key spots in clothes that, if the stitches were removed, would fall apart. With very little trouble, he'd obtained the proper information. A few pulls left two long threads, one at the waist and another on the chest. With any luck, when he pulled the strands, Alanoriel would be wearing nothing beneath. His revenge would be complete. He slipped out of the elleth's room as quietly as he had come. At the Banquet Legolas stood just before his father's throne on a lower step. He was in position to complete his plan. The doors finally opened to allow in the guests to be greeted by the king. Alanoriel would be at the end because she was not the daughter of a noble, but of a common soldier. Why she had been invited, Legolas had no clue. Nothing made her special. Nobles and their wives walked gracefully past to pay their respects to the royal family. Finally Alanoriel appeared in the doorway. Legolas felt a small twinge of guilt even as he looked at her. She looked so beautiful in her blue dress and—Legolas shook his slightly. He had to make her pay for humiliating him. The slender elleth moved ever closer to the dais where the king and queen were seated. Her movements took her quite near to the Elven Prince. As she bowed, a gentle breeze caused by shifting nobles moved the threads near the prince's waiting hand. He caught the threads with the tiniest movement of his hand and waited for a moment as Alanoriel began to move away. The threads pulled out of the dress quickly and the material began to slide off. Excited murmurs circulated throughout the hall as the soft blue material slipped off of Alanoriel's body. The startled elleth snatched at the pieces of her dress and fled the room, humiliated tears running down her cheeks. The crowd parted to allow her through, whispering the whole time. Even as Legolas watched his plan go perfectly he felt a sharp pang of guilt in his chest. He shouldn't have done that. The Next Morning Legolas walked slowly down the hall to the door leading to Alanoriel's room. The tight knot of guilt had settled in his stomach the moment his plan had been completed and had never left. All that night, he'd felt sick to his stomach and had finally decided to apologize to Alanoriel. The door to Alanoriel's room was standing slightly ajar when Legolas got to it. " Alanoriel?" he called in softly, knocking gently against the heavy wood. No answer came. He pushed open the door ever so slightly. The room was empty of personal items. The wardrobe doors hung open, but no clothes were hung within. Everything belonging to the elleth was gone. Legolas moved softly through the emptied room. A small flash of light from the foot of the bed caught Legolas' eye. The elf picked up a delicate silver chain with a locket on it. He opened the small locket to reveal a picture of an elvish family. He immediately recognized Alanoriel. Standing behind her was a guard Legolas recognized vaguely and an elven woman who had worked as a Healer. It was Alanoriel's family. Legolas felt sick to his stomach again. Alanoriel was gone without a trace, he couldn't return the locket, and he couldn't apologize for his actions. End Flashback Legolas tried to steady his trembling hands. The sickened feeling returned. The thought of seeing Alanoriel again after all of the cruel things he had done to her made him feel rather ill. It had been five centuries ago, but Elves had long memories. Perhaps he would be able to make amends with her when she arrived. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoO Alanoriel gripped the reigns of her horse so tightly that her knuckles were turning white. Just down the road were the outer entrances of the Mirkwood palace she had so often played on as an elfling. Her stomach was twisting and untwisting with fear of what lay in wait for her beyond those walls. "Alana, are you going to be okay?" Haldir said worriedly. He seldom used her nickname, only when he needed to pull her into the real world again. "I'll be just fine," she answered softly. The tremble in her voice betrayed the lie. Haldir did not even have time to speak again for they had reached the gates and were admitted inside. A company of mounted guards appeared to escort the small envoy to the palace courtyards. Standing just inside the courtyard were the various members of the royal family. King Thranduil and Queen Titania stood just in front of their children. A soft, sweet smile appeared on the princess's lips when she saw Haldir. Legolas' face was calm and impassive. The Lorien Elves dismounted and handed their horses to the stable boys. Alanoriel slid gracefully from her horse's back. Her legs trembled beneath her gown when she saw the Mirkwoodian prince. All the horrible things he'd done to her played over and over again in her head. Legolas felt his mouth go dry at the sight of a beautiful Elven maid descending from her horse. Ebony locks of hair had escaped from the riding braids and were floating on the breeze around her delicate face. Icy blue eyes connected with his from across the courtyard. Alanoriel felt her whole body go numb as her eyes locked with Legolas'. For the longest moment she couldn't even breathe. Her chest tightened and her throat closed. Every nerve within her body trembled and screamed for her to flee, but the prince's gray-eyed gaze held her firmly in place. Recognition sent jolts running through the prince's body. This beautiful Elven maid was none other than Alanoriel. Five centuries had changed her, sculpting her into a vision of beauty. Something else, it seemed, had changed as well. Legolas couldn't quite put his finger on it, but something was . . . wrong with the aura Alanoriel exuded. Haldir noted the way Alanoriel's slender frame trembled as her eyes were locked with Legolas'. It seemed Orophin and Rumil noticed the same thing as all three elves converged on their cousin at the same moment. Orophin took hold of one arm gently while Rumil took the other. Haldir stepped in front Alanoriel, effectively breaking her eye contact with Legolas. All three looked worriedly at her ashen face. "Alana?" Rumil brushed his hand gently over his cousin's pale cheek. His blue eyes darted back and forth between his still trembling cousin and the expressionless Mirkwood prince. Whatever had happened in Mirkwood leading to his cousin's flight, it