Hello everyone! So, new account, new start... :P for those of you who have gotten here without having read the rest of the story, or who are confused as to why this isn't written by elfinmyth anymore, I kind of needed the link between my real name and all of my M-rated stories to disappear… so this is my second account for smutty stories, haha. All of my T- and lower rated stoies are still on my old one. To explain the timeline of this story: it starts in the summer after Haryr's fourth year, and thus Voldemort's resurrection. He has, however, already met the Order after the Tournament. -This caused a lot of confusion :P, sorry - Disclaimer: -and this is for the rest of the story- I don't own Harry Potter or anything else you might recognise in this story, line lines from AVPM and a part of 'Beneath a moonless sky' from LND. Enjoy! Visitor He was the first person, To smile at the 'real me' To be truly accepted by someone To be able to meet someone's eyes, and share a laugh, hearts brimming with excitement and joy Only then did I find out how something I've never noticed before, could be so precious. I believe, from the very depth of my being, that I have made the right choice. (Kare Kano, Masami Tsuda) Part I Harry lay on his bed, not able to sleep because of the pain on his back. Instead, he watched the ceiling, where the shadows of the trees played. He frowned when it suddenly turned black, and fear took over when he saw a shape appear in his room. Whatever it was, to come silently in the night, it wasn't something friendly. He did the only thing he currently could to not immediately attract attention: he clamped his eyes shut and evened his breathing out, pretending to be asleep. He mentally cursed the Dursleys, as he often did, since he couldn't do it aloud. They had, again, locked all his stuff away in the cupboard under the stairs, together with his wand, leaving him practically defenseless. Soft footsteps sounded on the wooden floor, and he wondered when to expect a green jet of light. At least then it would be over, and he could rest in peace, no longer obligated to fight in a war he never had had a choice in, or a way out of. Still, when he felt the cold wood of a wand sliding down the length of his throat, he had a hard time to not jump up and do something stupid. Strange, after so many times of thinking about killing himself… he almost sighed in relief when it was removed. The bed creaked when a weight sat down on it. He wondered how much time had gone by. Just when he wanted to open his eyes and see who his visitor was, the weight shifted again as it rose from the bed. Something cool touched his face, tracing his cheek before vanishing. When he finally dared to open his eyes, the room was empty, and the trees in the street threw shadows on his ceiling again. He raised his hand to his face, which was still cold from the touch. "Who?" he whispered, but the only answer he got was the sound of the wind. He watched as the red, glowing numbers of his clock changed from 00:16 to 00:17 and he groaned. He still hadn't managed to fall asleep, like the day before and the day before that and every other day here at the Dursley's. He rolled on his side, and froze again when the same feeling as the night before washed over the room, a cloak of darkness. During the day, he had believed it to be a dream, or his imagination. Now he wondered how it had been possible to deny something so real. This time the thing, -he wasn't entirely sure it was a person, since its breathing sounds ended in a hiss,- sat down next to him immediately. The cold touched him again after a few minutes of –for Harry uncomfortable- silence, and when it traced his face and hair, he came to the surprising conclusion that it was skin. Fingers perhaps. But how could anyone be that cold ? "Harry…" he almost fainted when the whisper reached his ears, almost too soft to be heard. He knew that voice and his mind began to race as he panicked. But that couldn't be, could it? If that was true, he would be dead already… And what about the wards? And the Order, watching his every move? But there was no mistake anymore when the thing got closer, and he could feel its breath on his face. He wondered if it could hear the rapid beatings of his heart. The constant gush of air on his neck and cheek made him shiver from the cold, together with something else he couldn't place. The hand began to stroke his hair, and somehow he relaxed very slowly before doing the one thing he wouldn't have thought possible regarding the circumstances. He fell asleep under the soft touches and the petting of his hair… He didn't notice when the person vanished, just as the glowing numbers turned to 01:25 Harry paced his room, pondering on the idea to write Dumbledore. He could not take it anymore. A week had gone by now, and every single night his visitor had come. But he could almost hear the headmaster's voice. "Surely it isn't that bad Harry, and if you haven't got ten any physical injuries, then what is the problem? When he had told him about the abuse and starvation at the Dursleys, he had gotten a similar reaction with an added: "Are you sure you aren't making a bigger problem of this than it is? I have seen them and they seemed fine people to me." And that had been that. Ron and Hermione were no option either. They would probably believe him, but they would go to Dumbledore for help. Sirius would do anything to help him, but he couldn't endanger his godfather… No. he would have to solve this on his own. He crawled in bed, trying to not make any sudden movements. He felt his ribs. None broken… sprained maybe. Harry sighed. He should have known better than to give his uncle an angry retort when being shouted at for ruining Dudley's breakfast. He hadn't even known what he had done to accomplish the criminal act. Maybe Vernon had had a bad day and had wanted someone to direct his anger at… Harry smiled wryly. Now it would do him well to have something cold on his bruised skin, but it was almost eleven 'o clock. Too early yet for him to come. xXx He felt something, a warm feeling. A safe feeling. He hadn't felt anything like it in a long while. He never felt safe during summer… He knew he was asleep, or partially, but he didn't want to wake up. Didn't want to return back to the world with the beatings and the shouts. But somehow, he could not stay in his nice little dark space. He blinked slowly, and registered a soft green glow. A human shape sat on his bed, bent over him, and he studied the shape through his eyelashes. This was the first time he could actually see his visitor. Voldemort still looked like he had when being reborn in the graveyard, but something about his expression had changed. He was wearing one that Harry had never thought to see on the man's face. It was as if he was worried… There was that glow again, and he concluded, stunned, that his enemy was healing him. He closed his eyes again and let the warm feeling wash over him. He was disappointed when, shortly after, it stopped. This meant he would be leaving… His heart skipped a beat when he thought of that. Didn't he want Voldemort to leave? But to his own astonishment, the immediate answer no went through his head. This was so fucked up… Should he speak? But no, he couldn't let him know he was awake… On the other hand, if the man had wanted harm to come over him, why heal his injuries? But his decision was already made for him when Voldemort got up. "You should be fine now… Sleep well Harry." The whisper made the teen shiver. Following weeks became routine. He would try to live through the day, waiting for the night to fall. If the Dursleys had hurt him, Voldemort would heal his injuries, although he still hadn't figured out why . There were also various changes since the first nights, mainly regarding his feelings. He no longer felt fear. Instead, it was the sole moment of the day he really looked forward to. The only moment he felt completely at ease. Harry always tried to stay awake, which wasn't that hard to accomplish. He had never slept well. He always came between twelve and one, and stayed for about an hour or two. The only thing Harry regretted was that he couldn't predict the man's reaction if he showed he wasn't asleep. And thus, he pretended, while enjoying the feeling of fingers caressing his skin. A couple of days ago, the temperature had risen over thirty degrees, and he had slept shirtless. He had decided to do that every night from now on, no matter was temperature, after experiencing heaven when he had received a two- hour long massage on his back. He had pondered on the idea of turning over, but he knew he wouldn't have been able to hide the flush on his face. Regrettable. He sighed and watched his clock before frowning. He was late. He was never late. Had something happened? Or had he lost interest? Harry watched with a knot in his stomach –which shouldn't be there!- how the numbers on his clock sprang to 01:11. eleven minutes late. Harry concluded he wouldn't come anymore, and wrapped the sheets around himself, letting a strange and empty feeling take over. He was sitting in his room again, his arms wrapped around his knees. He hadn't come in three nights, and Harry was positive he wouldn't be coming back. It had been too good to last. Why should anyone care about him anyway? But then, his head shot up when he felt a familiar darkness surround him. He watched the spot on his left where he always appeared in fascination, and was rewarded when a dark shape became visible. Dark magic heightened the tension in the room, making the air thick. Harry only realised he should have lain down again and pretended to sleep as he met Voldemort's crimson eyes. The magic built up again when the man wanted to disapparate, but Harry found his voice just in time, yelling with a panicked voice, while nearly tumbling from his bed: "Stop!" The Dark Lord blinked and stopped, staring at him, even more so when Harry softly spoke up. "Where were you? Yesterday, and the days before that…" he cursed inwardly about how weak and begging his voice sounded. "You…you knew?" the man said, sounding shocked and tense. It was the first time he had heard the man's voice, if you didn't count the barely audible whispers. A strange shiver ran down his spine at the sound. "Yes. I…well, I hardly ever sleep at night." he added softly, ducking his head with a mixture of nervousness and embarrassment when Voldemort came closer. A hand reached out and tipped Harry's head back. He gasped when Voldemort forced him to look him in the eye, surprised by the kindness he found in them. Nothing like the cold, cruel looks he had given Harry at the end of his fourth year. "Why didn't you tell me?" "I didn't know how you would react." The teen