Much thanks to 1oooW0rds for beta-ing this, check her stories out! "There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy, and the tired" -The Great Gatsby, Scott Fitzgerald the pursued The lush greenery granted Hyland Park a tranquil, picturesque picnic setting hidden from the hustle and bustle found in most of Houston. The only movement came from a pair wandering off a beaten path. Their light laughter filled the morning air, along with the sweet chorus of birds. They were an odd couple; her with her elegant silky dark hair and him with his ruffled blond, her pale arm grazing against his tan one, her cautious emerald eyes meeting his carefree blue set. Nevertheless, both shared a mischievous twinkle that gave away their thirst for adventure. "What surprise would you have to show me at this time?" The dark-haired woman laughed. It was a short yet genuine chuckle that one didn't hear often from her. She appeared to be completely at ease, but her sharp eyes and stiff body language gave away her reservations. "I don't believe you've ever done archery before," responded the blond man with a natural easy smile. He spread his tanned arms out, embracing the cool morning air. "It's an amazing sport." "If you could even call it a sport," the woman casually retorted. The man gave a nervous chuckle different from his normally easy one. The woman's green eyes darted towards the woods they were closely approaching. Years of practice with the wrong sort had taught her to trust her instincts. There was danger in the air. She could feel unwanted eyes on them. She touched the man's shoulder briefly, but she could feel him stiffen. "Listen, Lou," the man said abruptly, his tone dropping. He swallowed as he struggled to meet her intense gaze. "There's something I have to tell you. I'm-" "I know." Lou cut him off. She averted his gaze for a millisecond, but she managed to capture his tentative blue eyes in her intense green ones. She gave him a reassuring smile, flashing her brilliant white teeth. "We're not dating, anyway," she declared with more conviction than she had felt. "Right." The man looked relieved, as if a hundred pounds had been lifted off his muscled shoulders. They walked in silence as if an invisible barrier had formed between them. They didn't dare to brush against each other anymore. Words poured out of the man's mouth to fill the awkward air. "Anyway, my friend is meeting us here and he has the best aim I've ever seen." "Is this friend good-looking?" Lou suggested coyly. The man looked taken aback. "What? Well, I guess, his eyes are kind of striking in a dark way-" he stopped midsentence, realizing he was blushing and Lou was trying hard not to smile. "I'm up for playing wingman," Lou joked lightly. She glanced at the man's worn orange T-shirt in distaste. It fit his athletic build nicely, but it hardly gave him props for style. "You picked the day of your date to show alma mater pride?" "It's not a date," he insisted in a loud whisper as his ears turned red. "If it was, why would I take you? Awkwardness on top of awkwardness." The man chuckled and ruffled his hair, acting like his usual self. Lou momentarily relaxed, but her ears perked as they heard a rustle in the trees. She felt her fingers tighten reflexively around the small hidden knife in her pocket for a moment. "I haven't been completely straight with you, either," she confessed. The man looked surprised. "What? You're lesbian?" "No. Something else. Something bad." The woman felt a familiar tingling on her arm. Her slender fingers subconsciously crept under her sleeve and trailed over a faded black tattoo on her shoulder, initially hidden by the fabric of her shirt. The brilliant blue eyes followed her fingers. "Your tattoo has a very interesting design." He squinted. It was too faded to make out the elaborate design, but he could see two faint black rays jutted upward to form a sharp angle. Was that a sword he saw? Lou quickly dropped the fabric back over the tattoo. "It's one of a kind," she responded grimly. She saw a flash of color in the trees. She blinked, but it was gone the next moment. "Are you sure this is safe?" The man looked at his friend strangely, puzzled at her seemingly out-of-the-blue paranoia. "We're perfectly fine. Besides, my friend works multiple jobs during the day, and this is his only time to show us." He tugged at her cold hand awkwardly. It was odd to think they were completely platonic now. Relieving, but odd. "All right," the woman relented. She plastered a smile and tore her eyes away from the woods and towards the rocky trail. She still couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong. She felt the familiar rapid pulse of her heart. She'd had that feeling ever since she'd left, though, so it was probably unwarranted paranoia. the pursuing Murder. The six-letter word was something Reyna tossed around casually on a daily basis for work, to the point where she didn't pay it any mind. Not that the law-abiding FBI agent had ever loosened her rigid stance against the act. The leader's piercing brown eyes surveyed the familiar scene at the park with solemn determination. Stoic photographers leaned close over the yellow tape, aiming their flashing cameras at the body. A small ragtag crowd had gathered nearby to gossip and speculate amongst themselves. "Had that nice grad school girl really been murdered-no, it couldn't possibly be, she was such an innocent, patient coffee shop regular." A middle-age woman whispered to her neighbor, covering her mouth with her hand. "A bit too reserved and thoughtful perhaps, but surely those aren't grounds for murder these days." "Of course, if what they say about the killer was really true, then he really was insane and no one's safe." A young jogger remarked in a low tone to his partner, nervously messing around with his wristband as Reyna stepped by. "FBI coming through," Reyna commanded impassively as she trudged through the parting crowd and wary police, opening and flashing her badge. She held her head high as she exhaled a weary sigh. Shame the normally peaceful park was filled with police radio chatter and garrulous spectators and reporters. All this commotion because one person selfishly pursued a life for their own gain or vendetta. Not that Reyna was one to preach morality. She was just there to see justice served. She ducked under the yellow tape, joining her team and a park ranger surrounding the body. Their faces looked grave but determined. "Sorry I'm late," Reyna announced, dusting invisible dirt off her vest. The dedicated leader silently cursed herself for being late, even by mere seconds. She gave a perfunctory glance at her team. Even Nico, who was never an early morning bird, looked alert as he examined the body. Reyna extended her hand professionally to the park ranger, a tall tanned brooding man standing off to the side. "FBI Supervisory Special Agent Ramirez-Arellano. I lead this team." The park ranger returned her handshake half-heartedly. "Ranger Nate. Never dealt with murder before, 'fraid I won't be much help to you folks." He stifled a yawn and averted his eyes from the bloody body, crossing his bulky arms across his body. "Your information will be valuable," Reyna assured. She leaned closer to the body on the ground. The victim was a sleek woman who looked like a grad student, or at least around the age of one. Sharp features accentuated her pale face that was covered by cascading silky dark hair. She radiated beauty, but the blood-drenched arrow through her heart stole the spotlight. She looked fairly inconspicuous, but upon closer inspection her body showed signs of more sinister tales. Multiple scars were scattered across her neck and arms, too faded to be recent. A single bloodred rose laid in her open palm Nico's dark eyes took in the arrow and rose slowly dripping crimson blood. His purely analytical face betrayed no repulsion. His eyes trailed upwards from the wound at the heart to the scars and fixated on the heavily bloody wound on her shoulder. Nico had an uncanny knack for examining dead bodies that none of the other agents possessed. Finally he seemed to break out of his concentration to speak. "Victim's name is Lou Ellen." He handed a battered brown wallet to Reyna, revealing a plain ID. "Coroner places her death around 6 AM. Judging from the position of the arrow, she was shot from that direction." He gestured towards the woods. Hazel followed his gesture to the trees. "So our killer climbed up a tree, took their shot, and fled back into the woods," she guessed. The clustered trees were thin and ordinary, but tall and filled with many branches. Reyna noticed a hidden gravel trail leading into it; probably where the killer made their getaway. "Why can't the local police take this case?" Reyna interjected, glancing at the police officers in the distance. They looked restless on guard duty, constantly sneaking unhappy glances at the FBI agents. Nico ran his hand through his dark hair. "Because I think the killer is Cupid," he uttered softly, watching the other agents react to the alias. Hazel's eyebrows shot up. Reyna's thin mouth twisted slightly. Frank shifted uneasily. Nico rushed quickly to the defensive. "The red rose is Cupid's signature. And the Director agrees with me." "Lupa?" Reyna's dark eyebrow arched questioningly. She normally didn't argue with the Director's judgment, but there would be time for skepticism later. "Alright. If we retrace this archer's path, as Levesque suggested, he has a good view up one of those tall trees and shoots Lou." Nico nodded slowly, his brow furrowed in thought. "That makes sense. That's what Cupid normally does-" "No," Hazel spoke up. Reyna glanced at her curiously. Normally she sided with Nico, but Hazel's eyes lit up as she pointed to the gravel next to the body. "Look. The gravel is disturbed. There's too much of it astray to be an accident. The kill was on foot," she announced with an odd sort of flourish. "So it's not Cupid?" Agent Zhang postulated, his brow furrowed. Reyna had to turn to look at him. He stood awkwardly a few paces back from the body, fidgeting with his hands. His broad shoulders were hunched and positioned away. His brown eyes focused on the tip of the arrow, not the bloody wound itself. "His kills are mostly in the East, anyway. Never in Texas." "No. The perfect shot right through the heart, arrow drenched in blood, the red rose...it all points to Cupid," Nico said grimly. "He was probably forced to come up close and stab her with the arrow." Reyna almost thought he wanted it to be Cupid. Although he was a "popular" murderer who had garnered a lot of infamy, the agent was still skeptical. "That would explain why her shoulder looks as if it had been stabbed several times," Reyna admitted grudgingly. Her left shoulder was a disturbing massive pool of blood, completely obscuring the skin beneath. "But you're missing a major point, Di Angelo. Cupid kills couples, not lone joggers. Couldn't it be those female archer assassins-the Hunters, aren't they called? They've done kills in the area before." The agent's pale fists clenched. Reyna questioned whether it was his stubbornness on the killer being Cupid or a personal grudge against the Hunters. Nico's chin jutted out as he strained to respond evenly. "The Hunters never kill women, except for defectors. And this simply isn't their style." He turned to the park ranger, whose presence Reyna had nearly forgotten. "Were there any witnesses?" The park ranger shifted uneasily, clearly unwelcome to the agents. "None that we know of," he responded gruffly in a thick Texan accent. "Folks don't usually come round to