Another day, another Ed Sheeran inspired fic. It's depressing (though, if you've been listening to Divide on repeat like I have, you already knew that). I know James' parents didn't die until after he got married, but we're going with this anyway because I'm a monster. April Fools? No… no, I'm actually a monster. Sorry xx He found out in a letter. A fucking letter. They're sitting at breakfast, the four of them that, recently, has grown to six, and he's sure they're laughing about something, but he can't remember what it might have been now. It seems weird, wrong, to think that they were having fun then, that they hadn't known the second it happened. That it hadn't struck him in the chest or resonated through the entire fucking universe. Instead it happened in silence. Nobody knew exactly when. The letter dropped onto his plate and he almost stuffed it inside his robes to read later, and then he saw the seal and his blood ran cold. Sirius, sitting next to him, had frozen, their eyes met. James slit the seal. We deeply regret to be writing to you in these circumstances…. I am sorry to say that your parents, Euphemia and Fleamont Potter, both passed late last night…. Our sincerest condolences…. It feels like time stops. Like his brain is washed over with numbing potion, hooked up to the wrong wireless station, like he's slipped out of reality and into something else entirely, something horrible, something uncertain and terrifying. He sets the letter down in the centre of his plate. His hands fall into his lap. Sirius is trembling beside him, his hands shaking so much that they're barely able to grasp James' jumper as he pulls him to his feet, over the bench, out of the Great Hall, to Dumbledore's office. They walk up. McGonagall is there, and he thinks briefly that she looks surprised to see them. Sirius explains, his voice quaking all the time, and James moves instinctively, places a hand on Sirius' shoulder, grips it like it's the only thing tethering him to the fucking ground. It seems to steady him. It steadies them both. He vaguely registers the fact that McGonagall is looking stiffer than usual, that she's hissing to Dumbledore under her breath about "How dare they inform our students of something like this via owl post?" but he's not sure if he's genuinely hearing anything. If he is, he isn't taking it in. He's just standing there, limbs stiff, hand clamped on Sirius' shoulder, feeling his arm vibrate because Sirius' hands can't stop shaking, haven't stopped shaking since he dragged James from the table. They're gone for five days. He can't remember any of it. But he also can't forget it. It's just details. Bits of memory that don't amount to anything. Sirius, a mass of pure nervous energy, flitting around the house, now their house. Sirius trying to convince him to leave bed. Wrenching the near empty bottle of firewhiskey from his hands. Dragging him out by the waistband of his tracksuit bottoms. Stacking all their parents' things in the garden. Making tea. James' untouched mugs lining up on the table in the sitting room. Finding Sirius sobbing in the kitchen. Swearing never to leave him alone again. When they get back, neither of them wants to be alone. They don't want to be around the others either, so they troop down to the Head's dorm in silence, walk into James' room. Sirius collapses immediately onto James' bed, James slides his feet numbly out of his trainers, kicks them over by the door. There's a stack of parchment on the end of his bed, and he hopes to fucking Merlin it isn't some work he has to do because he cannot focus on anything at all right now, and as he goes to toss it onto his desk, he sees the small note taped to the top. I took extra detailed notes this week. If you need to talk, I'm here for you. xx Lily He sets the stack on his desk and climbs in bed next to Sirius. They don't have the energy to talk, neither of them can cry anymore, they still can't entirely believe that it happened, that this is all real, and they're asleep before they have to think about it too much. When they emerge from James' room a few days later, they find out that Lily made a stack for Sirius too. They go through the motions. They attend classes. Go to quidditch practice. James does rounds. Fills out prefect schedules. They try to laugh. It's not quite the same, but it's close enough for most. Sirius is a kettle on constant scream. Remus is the only one that keeps him grounded. James stops sleeping. Stops fidgeting. Barely eats. James knows they're watching him. That Remus, Peter, Lily, Marlene are noticing everything he's trying so desperately to hide. He isn't ready to talk, he isn't ready, not for any of it, he can't feel it anymore, it's too much, and so he shoots Remus a look, a pleading look that Remus has never, ever seen in his eyes. They stop. At least, they stop being so obvious. There's a week, he can't remember exactly when but he knows it isn't long after they came back, when he's just. Angry. All the time. At everyone. For no reason. It's both good and bad that it coincides with the match against Ravenclaw. Good because he finally gets a release, something to channel all of this into. Bad, very bad, because he sends Waters to the hospital wing ten minutes into the match and nearly sends Davies twenty minutes later. Hooch threatens to "end your season if you don't learn to control yourself, Potter!" and he reigns it in just enough, channels it. His rage boils his blood, bubbling just underneath the surface of his skin, supercharging his muscles - he runs himself into the ground that match. He plays like he's got nothing to lose. Lily finds him afterwards, kicks everyone out of the changing rooms (oddly, no one seems to mind but Sirius who can't get James to stop kicking the benches anyway because even though they won he's still so angry ), grabs him just before he strips down for the shower. "James, please talk to me about - " He yells at her. He's a dick. Tells her to "bugger off already, I'm fine . Why is everyone looking at me like I'm made of fucking glass?!" He feels bad about it the minute she leaves. He punches the wall of the shower. It hurts, fucking hurts, he's pretty sure he's broken a finger, but at least he felt something . Eventually he starts building a wall. It's a wall between him and the rest of the universe, between James now and James then, between life with his parents and life without them. He builds a wall because it's the only thing he knows how to do, the only thing he can think to do, when he can barely get through a day without wanting to break down, when he's blinking back tears all the time, when his chest hurts so fucking badly it feels like his ribs are splintering a millimetre at a time. He builds a wall because he can't feel it anymore. It's too much. He goes through the motions. He takes to the Astronomy Tower, to going there after rounds. He usually just tells Lily he forgot something, has to go back. Or he just leaves the dorm without saying anything. Hopes she doesn't notice. He just needs the space. He needs the space because sometimes, as he goes through the day, it starts to feel like the castle walls are pressing in on him, containing him and he feels trapped inside his own body as it is, like his own rib cage is collapsing bit by bit and crushing him from the inside, like he can't draw breath without forcing it into his lungs, like he can't even fucking think because his brain is pounding all the time. It's easier to breathe outside. To collect himself. He's sitting there, back pressed against a column, staring up at the sky and breathing , pulling in deep breaths of sharp, cold air. The sky is full of clouds, but coming up here always makes him feel better. Makes him remember their mum and dad lying out in the grass, pointing out the stars to him as a kid. Showing Sirius his star the night he moved in with them, the last time that he couldn't stop shaking. He can't see them behind the clouds, but they're there. He's closer to them. He sits there, eyes closed now, frozen air burning his lungs, hands trembling, just a bit, from the cold. His hands are probably blue, his feet are a bit numb, but he doesn't mind. He's used to the numbness now anyway. He's sitting there when, quite suddenly, there's a warmth at his side. A light. He opened his eyes - Lily's sitting there, studying him, a small, blue fire on the ground between them, the heat radiating just far enough to warm his hands. Lily smiled softly at him as soon as his eyes opened, "Hi." James leaned his head back against the column, closed his eyes again, "Hi." He's not entirely surprised that she's found him, knows she either followed him or talked Remus into telling her where he is, but still. After the time in the changing rooms two weeks ago, he's surprised she still cares enough to seek him out. He was a complete fucking twat. Has continued to be a complete fucking twat. Though maybe this weird 'pretending to be happy James' is easier for her to deal with, he doesn't know - "It's cold out here." Her voice was quiet, so quiet that he could barely hear her over the soft crackling of the flames between them, the wind blowing through the trees in the forest, but even still he hears the concern there. He just shrugs, his eyes still closed, "I don't mind." She was silent for a moment and he knows she's sitting there tracing her eyes over his face, reading him, and he's just about to open his eyes and ask her what she's doing there when she spoke again, "James, are you alright?" He opened his eyes, turned his head, looked at her. Her brows were knit together in that way that they get when she's concerned, the corners of her mouth turned down in a bit of a frown, and he can tell, just by looking at her that she already knows the answer to her question. He could lie. But he doesn't want to. Not to her. Not anymore. "No." She reached out, grabbed his hand in both of hers. She moved so suddenly, he hadn't been expecting it, but the moment her fingers weave through his, her rings pressing almost painfully into his skin, it feels like something breaks in his chest, like the wall he'd built, brick by bloody brick, came crashing down, overwhelmed by the torrent flowing through him, unable to contain it. There's a sound, a raw, strangled sound, and it apparently comes from him because his throat is burning and his eyes are hot with tears and he can't breathe again, and then her arms were around his back and she crushed him to her, ran her fingers through his hair, whispered things he couldn't quite hear but sounded like, "I've got you." His mind is racing, picture after picture of their parents hitting him, each one bringing with it a fresh wave of sobs, digging the pit in his stomach just a bit deeper - coming to their quidditch matches, making cocoa when he couldn't sleep, Dad winking at Mum when he thought they weren't looking, Mum's clear laugh and raised eyebrows