I want you all to know that I was giggling the entire time I was writing this beautifully titled (professor-riddikulus will one day stop being my friend over this nonsense) piece. Inspired by a text conversation with, you guessed it, professor-riddikulus. Disclaimer: Jo would literally never write a story this weird. It started in September of seventh year. James walked into the Gryffindor common room, practically floating on air because I get to share a dorm with Lily oh my fucking god, and he just has to, immediately, tell Sirius about how amazing it is to be living in the same dorm she is. He knew Sirius wouldn't care, knew that listening to James talk about the smell of Lily's perfume or the way the sun shines off her red hair in the morning or how much he just loves her laugh is exhausting, that Sirius could not give anything even resembling a fuck, but James didn't care. He gets to live, live, with Lily bloody Evans and he needed to talk to someone about it. Peter was sitting on the couch when James walked by, and he tried to stop him, really, he did. Peter shouted, "Prongs, you don't want to go up there!" as soon as he saw James' messy black hair over the crowd in the common room, but James, being James, just grinned, "It's fine, Wormtail, I just have to tell Pads something." "Seriously, James, don't -" But James was already taking the stairs two at a time and it's too late. Peter could have gotten up off the couch to stop him, but he didn't. James pushed open the door to the seventh year dorm and was immediately greeted with a visual he will never, ever be able to get out of his head. Remus is sitting on the bed nearest the door, Sirius is on top of him, his back to James and his arse on full display. They're both completely nude and James couldn't even process the fact that he is seeing them fucking right now before he screamed, "HOLY FUCK!" Sirius and Remus both shriek, but there's very little they can do at this angle because Sirius' legs are wrapped around Remus' waist and they can't untangle quickly enough or hide the fact that Remus' dick is very visibly inside Sirius. James spins around, still shouting, "MOONY OH MY GOD I SAW YOUR DICK. AND YOUR ARSE PADFOOT. OH MY GOD. I'M SORRY. I'M SO FUCKING SORRY." "WELL, FUCKING MERLIN, PRONGS, YOU SHOULD HAVE KNOCKED!" Sirius is livid and James can hear them rustling around before he remembers that he should, obviously, wait to talk to Sirius about Lily later. That maybe they don't want to have this conversation while Sirius is riding Remus in the middle of the dorm. He gestures vaguely over his shoulder, 'I'll just…" "Yeah," Remus says, his voice tight with embarrassment, "get the fuck out of here, Prongs." James pulls the door shut behind him and is grateful when he hears the lock click. NOW they cast a locking charm, bloody fucking hell. That could have been it - James could have apologised profusely and they could have moved on, agreed to never, ever again engage in sexual activity of any kind without locking the door first. But Sirius wasn't ready to let James off that easily and he declared, at the top of his voice in the middle of the Great Hall while standing on the fucking Gryffindor table , that he was going to see James' dick before the month was out. James tried to laugh it off, but he flushed scarlet when Sirius shouted, "I know you spend 99% of your time wanking, Prongs, don't think I won't catch you!" Because he could never leave well enough alone, Sirius aggressively mimed masturbating and groaned "Lily!" in his best imitation of James' voice. It was scarily accurate. James hit him in the face with spoonful of porridge. Foolishly, James didn't realise just how dedicated Sirius would be to this new hobby. They'd lived together for six years, had seen each other in various states of undress, had to have awkward 'please put a silencing charm on your four poster when you're wanking in the dorm at night' talks, and James quite honestly thought that Sirius would give it up after a week or so. Much to James' chagrin, Sirius had never been more determined in his entire life. Sirius conned Lily (or, as James later found out, asked nicely and Lily happily obliged) into giving him the password to the Head's Dorms and he would sneak in at all bloody hours trying to catch James wanking. Over the course of September, James found Sirius in his wardrobe, underneath his bed, and in the bathroom off his bedroom on multiple occasions. Sirius had once snuck into the bathroom from Lily's room when he thought James was in the shower - James had turned the water on and walked back into his room to grab a towel and when he walked back in, completely nude, he nearly fell over in shock. Sirius was standing by the sink doubled over and barely breathing, "Well, at least I got to see your dick!" and James could hear Lily screaming with laughter from her room. James shoved Sirius out of the bathroom and locked the door behind him, " You can shove off. And Evans, you're more than welcome to join me if you're so interested in my dick." He could practically hear Lily rolling her eyes when she responded, "You wish, Potter!" But the way Sirius had started laughing when he'd said it made James chuckle to himself. He'd thought that would be it - that Sirius seeing him naked in the bloody bathroom would have been enough. When James and Lily started dating in October, though, Sirius went one step further. It was no longer enough just to catch James, he had to catch James and Lily fucking. It had to be even . It quickly, very quickly, got out of hand. Sirius hid behind tapestries on their patrol route, convinced Remus (it didn't take much) to give him the password to the head's dorms because Lily was no longer cooperating, watched the Marauder's Map like it was his fucking job just waiting until he saw them alone together in any room anywhere in Hogwarts. He'd popped out of every imaginable place, nearly given James and Lily a stroke more than a few times, but he didn't catch them at it until the first week of November. They were a little caught up - they forgot that Sirius was after them, forgot to put an extra charm on the portrait into the Head's Dorms, decided that it would be fine, so fine, to forego walking up all those stairs to one of their rooms and just have sex on their poor common room couch. They should have known better. Their clothes were long abandoned, cast about in various corners of the room, and Lily is on top of him when Sirius comes barrelling through the portrait hole, dragging Remus by the collar of his school jumper. Remus is screaming, "I'm so sorry, Merlin, I'm so sorry!" but they can barely hear him because Sirius is laughing so loudly, "I didn't know you were an on-top kind of girl Evans!" and James is screaming, "FUCKING HELL, WE FORGOT TO LOCK THE DOOR!" Shocking them all, even James who can't quite believe what he's hearing, Lily moved her hands from James' shoulders and covered her breasts before grinning at Sirius - "Of course I'm an on-top kind of girl, Pads. Now get out." Sirius roared with laughter again but Remus had, thankfully, grabbed him by the waistband of his jeans and began dragging him back to the portrait hole. "By the way," Lily shouted, leaning past James and over the back of the couch until she caught Sirius' eye, "It's on." It was on. It was so on. Lily was, if anything, more intense than Sirius was, and James never once would have predicted it of her. He knew, over their many, many years of fighting, that she loved to have the last word, that she wasn't above hexing him to prove a point. But he never knew just how important winning was to her. "Lily," James said, laughing at her one night over the prefect schedules they were working on, "this is the dumbest game ever. It's just us seeing my best mates' dicks a million times." Her eye had that steely glint in it, the one he remembered so well from all their fights in the corridor, all the times she'd sent him to the hospital wing prior to sixth year - "I don't care, James. We're winning this. We will catch them fucking if it is the last thing we do." James and Remus had tried to stay out of it at first. Tried to talk Lily and Sirius out of this bizarre competition before it was too late. But Lily and Sirius were in no mood to be convinced and they were ruthless. When Lily spotted Peter wandering aimlessly around the corridor a week later, she dragged James as quickly as she could to Gryffindor Tower. "Lily," James groaned, as Lily pulled him by the hand while she practically sprinted down the corridor, "You have no proof that they're even doing anything." Lily snorted but didn't slow down to look at him, "They wouldn't kick Peter out just for fun, James." "That's where you're wrong," James said, "Sirius would kick Peter out just for fun." Lily didn't bother responding. Remus and Sirius were, of course, in the midst of a heated snog when Lily had seen Peter ambling around the sixth floor. Sirius heard them coming up the stairs of the boys dorms and gasped against Remus' lips. He pulled away, his eyes bright with amusement, "OH MY GOD GIVE ME HEAD!" Sirius started fiddling with the button of his trousers, shoved Remus' shoulder until his face was at Sirius' waist. "Sirius, what the fuck are you - " Sirius lifted his hips, yanked his jeans and pants down as best he could, "IT'S THEM JUST DO IT! DON'T STOP WHATEVER YOU DO." Remus rolled his eyes, but said, "At least it's your dick this time," and took Sirius in his mouth as the door burst open behind him. He tried not to jump too much - this game was fucking stupid, but he didn't need to accidentally bite Sirius' dick off to prove it. "Oh hey, Prongsie, Red," Sirius' voice was airy and devastatingly cool, "Fancy seeing you here." James looked like he wanted to die, melt right through the floor, but Lily just smirked, "Well played, Sirius." Sirius grinned before he dropped his head back onto the pillow and moaned dramatically, "YES, REMUS, DO THAT THING WITH YOUR TONGUE AGAIN." From that point on, Lily thought the performance aspect of the game was very 'promising.' "There are just so many possibilities, James!" she said, cutting a piece of pie and setting it on her plate one night at dinner. "We can try all kinds of different positions in front of that mirror in your room and see what looks best. We want them to see the most, you know?" James groaned through a bite of potato, "Do we, Lily? Do we want them to see the most?" Lily turned in her seat to face him, shot him a look, "When did you get to be such a baby, Potter?" James looked affronted, "I'm not a baby, Evans!" She raised a challenging eyebrow, "Then prove it." He studied her for a minute before he pushed his plate away, got to his feet. Lily barely concealed the grin threatening to fill her face, He's so fucking easy, I swear, turned on her heel, grabbed James' hand, and they practically ran out of the Great Hall. She'd