Wrote this for the August Jily Challenge - theme: first wizarding war Prompt: I heard some rattling in the kitchen of our safehouse and opened the door ready to fight and wait - what in the bloody hECK are you doing down here at 4am? So, it's not exactly this, but it's kind of this. Enjoy the angst, friends xx On the first day, James woke up to the house smelling of gingerbread. It was long before dawn one morning in the middle of July, and, for the life of him, James couldn't figure out why Lily had decided to get out of bed and bake at this hour. And gingerbread of all things. He'd hoped, after the night she'd had last night, that she would just stay in bed that morning, let him take care of Harry while she had a bit of a lie in. He hadn't seen her cry like that since… since her parents, and though they'd been dealing with a lot since they'd been locked up in the cottage, been losing more and more people every day, this, James thought, had almost broken her. Dumbledore had stopped by to give them an update of what had been going on with the Order, had mentioned it as he was leaving, almost like an aside. Lily's entire body had gone stiff immediately, her hands trembling just a bit as she shut the door softly behind Dumbledore as he left. She'd kept it together until Dumbledore made it down the walk and turned on the spot just past their garden gate - the moment he disappeared, she collapsed. She sat curled on the floor in their sitting room for hours, sobbing so hard that her entire body was shaking. Harry was already sleeping, thank fucking Merlin, and James had sank to his knees, pressed her to him, ran his fingers through her hair, said anything he could to let her know that he was there, he had her, that no, it wasn't okay, but they were going to get through it. It was all that he could do, and James had never felt more powerless in his life. He rolled out of bed, grabbed his glasses off the bedside table, his dressing gown off the chair in the corner, pulled the gown over his shoulders as he crept across the floor and opened their door. The door still squeaked a little and it usually woke Harry without fail (he kept swearing up and down that he'd figure out some charm to fix it, but he never actually remembered to do it) - James wasn't sure how Lily had managed to avoid waking Harry this morning (or himself for that matter). Though , he walked quietly past Harry's room, down the stairs, it is still dark outside and I was fucking exhausted, so maybe it wouldn't have been that hard. He walked through the corridor, pushed open the kitchen door, his chest tight in anticipation. His heart jumped into his throat when he saw her. "Lily?" She was standing at the counter, her hands braced against the worktop. Her hair was piled on top of her head, her red apron tied haphazardly around her waist. She looked up when he walked in, her eyes meeting his briefly before turning back to the piping bag that was lying on the worktop in front of her. "I can't do it." James pulled in a steadying breath, walked over and stood behind her, placed his hands gently on her hips and bent to press a kiss to her cheek, "Can't do what, love?" He was worried, but he didn't want to show it. She'd yelled at him about tiptoeing around her last night after he'd carried her to bed ("I'm not fragile, James, fuck!"), and he didn't want to step on her toes if he could avoid it. He remembered how she was after her parents died in seventh year, a mixture of profound sadness and explosive anger, how she'd needed him to remind her that she was alright while she pushed him away and asserted her independence, declaring (loudly) that she was okay while desperately hoping he wouldn't leave her alone. She'd been able to put on something of a happy mask whenever they were in class, in Prefect meetings, in the corridors, but James had seen it cracking at the edges, wearing thinner and thinner as they went through the day. Whenever they were done for the night, it was like something broke in her, like whatever had been keeping her upright collapsed under the exhaustion of pretending that everything was alright. She hadn't wanted attention, hadn't wanted people to feel like they needed to prop her up, had reminded them time and time again that there was a war going on and they had better things to be worried about than her parents who, after all her worry about Death Eaters and torture, had been taken by some ice on the bloody M1. Marlene had been home for the Christmas holidays when it happened, had spent days baking every single thing she could, had brought them up to the Head's dorms the moment she'd gotten back, had sat in bed with Lily and eaten biscuits for days on end. Maybe that's why they were here now. Lily huffed, and though she was clearly irritated, there was a fragile edge to her voice that shot through him, "I can't pipe the fucking icing like…." She trailed off and James felt her body begin to tremble against him. She sucked in a breath, squared her shoulders. James could tell she was pressing down a reaction, trying to steel herself, to force herself to get over this, to forget. It was how she dealt with everything, with this incredible strength, like she was a sheer force of nature that could just push through it, could square her shoulders, clench her teeth, and move on. For the most part, she could - she'd done it in school as the Death Eaters in training started getting more and more daring, done it when they'd dragged Mary up off the floor in the dungeons in fifth, a bloodied mess, and taken her to the hospital wing, done it every single night that she went out into the field, every night that he came home to her bruised, bleeding, broken, terrified, livid. She could reshape her reality, or at least her perception of it, her reaction to it, through sheer force of will, and she did. Readily. But when things couldn't be fixed, when things wouldn't heal, wouldn't get better, when there was no going back or changing what had happened… she still willed the world to change, willed herself to move on, but it was only a matter of time until things fell apart. She pulled in another breath, and though her trembling subsided a bit, James felt her tense under his hands, "Like Marlene. I can't make the fucking biscuits look like hers." She gestured vaguely at the half-iced biscuit in front of her and James glanced around the kitchen. There were dozens and dozens of piles of different biscuits littered around their kitchen in various states of completion. Truth be told, James didn't remember what Marlene's gingerbread biscuits looked like (he'd never paid that much attention before scarfing them down whenever she brought them to school after the Christmas holiday), and he wasn't sure what he was supposed to tell her. But he knew she was struggling, knew this was how she was dealing with this right now, that this single, small connection to Marlene and their friendship was one that she'd needed to latch onto this morning, and so he tried to make his tone cheery as he said, "Well, yours look lovely -" "But they aren't hers!" Lily's voice was louder than he'd anticipated it would be, and he cringed involuntarily, waited for Harry to start wailing from upstairs. She stiffened against him and dropped her head for a few moments before turning in his arms to face him. "I'm sorry." James shook his head immediately, "You have nothing to be -" Lily placed her hand gently on his chest and looked up at him. Her eyes were red-rimmed and wet with tears, the dark circles that were now regular visitors under her eyes (under all their eyes, really) were almost black today. She had flour on her hands and black treacle smeared on her cheek, and when she spoke, her voice was rough with emotion and exhaustion, "I do. I'm sorry I've been taking this out on you. It's just… Marlene is...was…" Tears cascaded down her cheeks, and James drew a shaky breath, his own eyes filling with tears as he pulled her against him. They stood there, her tears soaking his chest, his falling into her hair, the silence pressing in on them. He whispered quietly, ran his fingers through her hair, said every comforting thing that he could think of. He didn't tell her that it was okay. They couldn't get her back, she knew that. Knew she was wherever people go when they die and that there was no recalling her from wherever that was. Lily cried for her, for her best friend, for her sister, for the woman that had meant so much to her, had meant everything. She'd been there whenever Lily had needed her, had gotten her to lighten the fuck up a bit, had carried her through heartbreak and anger and loss and terror, had held her hand when Lily woke up screaming in their dorm that Voldemort was coming to get her, this time it was real, I just know it. She cried because she knew that if Marlene were here, she'd be smiling that cocky smile as she watched James hold her, that one that said told you this would happen, Evans. She'd known, she'd always known, even when Lily had no idea. She cried for the world because it lost a fearless, powerful, challenging woman, a woman who wouldn't take no for an answer and wouldn't hesitate to stand up for anyone, especially those she loved. She cried because she knew that in her last moments, that's all Marlene had wanted to do. Protect her family, protect her friends. She'd lost her family. She'd lost her life. But she hadn't said a damn word about the Order, about her friends, and Lily cried because she knew how much that meant to Marlene. She could almost picture the look on her face, that stubborn, determined look she always wore before a quidditch match. It was a "mess with me, I fucking dare you" look, made all the more terrifying by the way Marlene smirked effortlessly as she tossed her beater's bat easily between her hands, a reminder that she could, and would, beat the ever-loving shite out of you with both hands. They cried for the person they'd lost, for the person they'd loved, for the person the world wouldn't get to know. James cried, too, for the woman he held in his arms, for her broken heart, for her pain. He cried because he couldn't make her chest feel like it wasn't splintering every time she took a breath, because he couldn't banish the demons that clouded her mind. He cried because no matter how much he'd wanted to spare her from this, he hadn't been able to. He cried because this was something he couldn't fix, something he couldn't keep from happening again. On the fifth day, James woke to heavy thuds in the room next to theirs. The room across from Harry's. He shot straight up in bed, one hand grasping frantically for his wand and glasses on his bedside table, his other arm flying out to shake Lily awake, but she wasn't there. He frowned and rolled out of bed, not bothering to slide on his slippers or grab his dressing gown off the chair in the