This, uh… got a bit out of hand (#onbrand). Also, a bit of smut ahead Enjoy friends! 'Why in the bloomin' fuck did we let you convince us that this was going to be a good idea, Sirius?' James, about twenty back in the queue for the nastiest toilet cubicles to exist on planet Earth, shot Sirius a look that probably would have struck anyone else down immediately. Sirius grinned, grabbed James by the shoulders and shook, 'The music! The energy! The adventure !' James smacked Sirius' hands from his shoulders, 'No fucking part of this reads "adventure," mate.' Granted, they'd only been at the festival for a few hours, had only set up their tents and gone to see a few of the afternoon acts, but James was confident that the rest of the weekend would prove as non-adventurey as the first few hours. Sirius rounded on Remus, 'What say you, love? Are you in the Glastonbury spirit yet?' Remus sighed, 'I'm saying that you're lucky you're fit, because I also really want to kill you right now.' Sirius groaned, stepped forward with the queue, 'You two are spoil sports.' 'No, Sirius,' James said, rolling his eyes, 'we just aren't fond of the giant fucking mud pit that you've dragged us to.' ' Please, ' Sirius said, laughing now, 'I didn't drag you! You were so excited a week ago!' James sighed, 'This was before I realised the festival took place in a literal fucking swamp!' Sirius laughed, 'Well, that's your own fault.' James shot him a look, 'How is that my fault?!' 'This happens every year!' 'AND YOU STILL BROUGHT US HERE?' Sirius patted James on the arm, 'Relax, James, you'll forget all about how irritated you are with me when you get to see your precious Ed Sheeran.' James huffed, 'Don't make fun of me, Ed is the only reason that I haven't pushed you into the mud yet. And I still have two whole days of this before I get to see him, so I might just give in and do it if you don't watch it.' 'Please, like that would bother me. The mud is good for your skin.' 'I highly doubt this mud would be good for your skin, Sirius,' Remus said, cringing, 'It's probably full of all kinds of shit we don't even want to begin to think about.' 'No,' Sirius said, 'it's just mud. Look!' And before anyone could stop him, Sirius stepped out of the queue for the toilets, and dove, dove, into the giant mud puddle they'd studiously avoided on their walk over to the toilet cubicles. 'Oh my fucking god,' Remus pinched the bridge of his nose, 'he really - he really just fucking - ' 'Yup,' James said, watching Sirius now struggle (dramatically) to push himself up onto his arms, 'he really just fucking did.' Remus turned his body completely so that he couldn't even see Sirius out of the corner of his eye, 'I'm just going to let him die in that mud. I'm not saving him. James, whatever you do, do not let me save him.' As if on cue, Sirius began yelling from the mud pit, 'Remus! Help me!' He'd managed to push himself up onto his hands, but was now making a very dramatic show of getting out, making like he was stuck in the mud and had no chance of survival otherwise. 'Remus,' he shouted again, and Remus caught James' eye, shook his head, 'Remus! Love of my life! My soulmate! My one true love! Come save me!' Remus managed to make it through his turn in the cubicle before he finally gave in and went to save Sirius. James shook his head at Remus as they walked from the toilets over to the mud pit where Sirius was still lying (now on his back making "mud angels"), 'I thought you weren't supposed to save him.' Remus sighed, 'You know we can't leave him here.' 'Yes,' James said, and he jerked to a stop, pulled his wellie free from the spot of mud it'd gotten stuck in, 'yes, we definitely can. He can get out, he's just choosing not to!' 'You're starting to sound like me,' Remus said, laughing. James sighed, ran a hand through his hair, 'Two bloody decades of friendship was bound to rub off sometime.' Remus laughed, 'True.' Sirius shouted again from the mud ('REMUS, BABY, YOU'RE REALLY GOING TO LET ME DIE HERE?') and Remus sighed, shot James a look as he brushed his hair out of his eyes, 'I guess I better go save him.' James snorted, 'I'll go to the John Peel stage or something, then. I'm sure he'll want a shower and then you two will end up fucking, and as much as I love you, I don't need to sit around for whatever marathon fuck-fest is about to happen.' Remus laughed, 'We are not going to - ' James shot him a look, and Remus tipped his head, 'Well, yeah, alright.' James laughed, 'Alright, well, you go save your Prince Charming, and just… just text me when you two are ready for company again, yeah?' Remus laughed, started walking over towards Sirius, 'You know that if Sirius had heard you say that, you'd never live it down, right?' James grinned, 'Don't I know it.' James turned and he heard Sirius shout, 'WHAT DID JAMES SAY?!' as he started walking away. When they finally made it back to their tents that night, James was, if he was being completely honest, dead knackered and ready to go to bed. Remus, through, dug a bottle of Irish whiskey out of his bag, took a long swig, and began passing the bottle round. 'Alright, Lupin,' James said, smiling at Remus. Remus grinned, 'Only the best, you know that.' James laughed, took a quick drink, passed the bottle to Sirius, and plopped down onto the floor of the tent. Sirius took a long pull before he handed the bottle back to Remus, and they settled on the floor across from James, the bottle between them, grabbing for it when they wanted to, passing it round. 'Best act of the day,' Sirius said, grabbing the bottle from the centre of the floor and taking another drag, 'Discuss.' James shrugged, 'Well, we all know I'm just waiting for Ed Sheeran - ' Sirius hit him in the head with a stray sock he'd grabbed off the floor, made a loud buzzer noise, 'You're out, Potter.' James grinned at Remus, grabbed the bottle, took a swig. 'Well,' Remus said, reaching out for the bottle when James was finished, 'I'm waiting for the Dropkick Murphys, we - ' Sirius made the buzzer noise again, 'Nice try, you lying bastard,' he said, grabbing the bottle from Remus and taking a drink, 'We both know you hate them. Real answer. Now. ' Remus hummed thoughtfully, 'Maybe… The XX?' Sirius gaped at him, 'What?!' James leaned back onto his elbows and watched them, Sirius gesturing wildly, Remus' arm resting casually around his shoulders, a slow, steady smile on his face as he shook his head at every point Sirius made. He couldn't believe, especially looking at them now, that they'd ever not been together. It was the easy grace with which they moved alongside one another, even in unfamiliar settings. Sirius was a human hurricane, an unstoppable force; his unpredictability and energy kept Remus on his toes, pushed him out of his comfort zone. Remus was unflappable, the strong, unwavering presence Sirius needed; he was a gentle reminder, a soothing hand, a warm arm around Sirius' shoulders, and a smooth, steady inhale - for Sirius, he was home, and you could see it on every part of him, of both of them, whenever they were together. They met one another in the middle, made each other better, and the nearly unbelievable happiness radiating off of them almost made James laugh at the memory of them in sixth form, dancing around one another, terrified of falling in love and breaking their friendship apart. How they could ever have been so stupid as to think it wouldn't work, James would never understand. Sirius snapped his fingers at James, 'Earth to James. You in there, mate?' James laughed, 'Yeah, shit, sorry.' He ran a hand through his hair, pushed his glasses back up the bridge of his nose. Sirius shook his head at Remus, 'This one,' and tipped the bottle back, took two long pulls, and reached across to hand it to James. James shook his head, and Sirius huffed, 'Come on , James, do another one!' Sirius leaned over, prodded him in the knee with the bottle, and James sighed, grabbed it from Sirius' hand, and took another long pull. 'When I need a new liver,' James said, wiping a drop of whiskey from his lips and handing the bottle back to Sirius, 'I'm taking half of yours, Sirius.' Sirius laughed, threw back another drink, 'That would be a mistake, love.' So far, Glastonbury had been a far weirder experience than James had ever anticipated. Sirius had been right yesterday in the queue for the toilets - it was all the things James should like - lots of people, mad energy, music, noise - but it just wasn't clicking for him. Maybe I'm too old now. Fuck. At least he had Ed Sheeran to look forward to tomorrow. When James woke up the next morning, though, he thought that he might have judged Glastonbury a bit too soon. The whiskey they'd drank the night before was still clouding the edges of his brain, but whiskey or not, he was a hundred percent sure that he wasn't imagining the red head lying on the ground next to him. He couldn't believe it when he'd opened his eyes, because he was positive, positive, that he hadn't wandered out of Remus and Sirius' tent and met anyone. Especially not someone… not someone like the woman lying beside him. He would have remembered her, whiskey brain or not. Her hair was a deep, brilliant red, and it was curling softly around her face, and even though it was coated in what looked like some kind of glitter paint from the day before, James could tell that it would be soft if he touched it. Her cheeks, forehead, the bridge of her nose were covered in a light smattering of freckles, some of them light enough that he could barely see them, her lips were parted just a bit with sleep, and she looked so fucking adorable (beautiful, stunning, heart-stoppingly gorgeous) lying there, that he felt his pulse start to race. He almost forgot, almost , that he had no idea who she was, or how she had ended up in his tent, in his sleeping bag. Almost forgot that this was the kind of information that he should probably be interested in getting from her. But she was lying there on her side, on the floor of his tent, one of her arms curled underneath of her head in a makeshift pillow, the other hand resting in the space between them, her fingertips close enough that they would brush his forearm if he moved just a few centimetres to the right. They might have been sleeping that close the entire night, might have even accidentally made contact as some point, but now that he was aware of her, he realised how much heat was radiating off of her, how much his body tingled in the places closest to hers. He thanked fuck that he'd thought to buy the widest sleeping bag they sold at Blacks, because otherwise this would have been very, very embarrassing. As it was, he was struggling - he turned his head, pressed his left hand to his eyes, think about anything else, Potter. Literally anything else. He wasn't sure what to do, now that he was lying here thinking about it - he had half a mind to pull