Because I love the Arctic Monkeys and I could not resist. This is some kind of smutty AU with some kind of tone. FF deleted this because it's too smutty so I did them one better - I brought it back plus one. While we're chatting about that - I cross post everything on AO3. If FF tries to continue this fight by taking down my fics, I'll be abandoning the site for good. She's teasing him again. She knows she shouldn't, not when they're out in public and there are people literally everywhere, but she also can't bring herself not to when looks the way that he does. He knows that she can't help herself when he's in a suit - his chaotic hair and perpetually crooked glasses clash so violently with the crisp, polished lines of his formal dress, that she honestly can't be held responsible for the places that her mind goes. He's all broad shoulders and smooth lines and cheeky smiles with a truly spectacular arse, and, really, how is she supposed to resist? She's fighting a losing battle the minute he arrives at her flat to pick her up. They're at another one of those bloody galas, another fundraiser for another cause hosted by another rich family, and as much as she hates going to these things, as long as she's on James' arm, she doesn't mind them too much. James has had to go to these things since he was sixteen, so at least she hasn't had to put up with them as long as he has. He only continues to go because he knows how important all these causes are to his mother and he wants to be a "supportive son" - Lily supposes she can't fault him for it. Euphemia and Fleamont are floating through the crowd somewhere, the last she saw Sirius, he had Remus by the hand and was dragging him into the centre of the dance floor no one ever really danced on, but her eyes are locked on James, have been locked on James since the moment he picked her up at her flat wearing that bloody tuxedo. He was trying to talk to Lord Glastonbury or whatever the fuck his name is ( God, wouldn't that be funny, Lord of a giant bloody mud pit ), but Lily decided that she'd had enough, thank you very much, of standing there smiling like she actually gave a fuck about these people and their eight hundred horses or whatever James is talking to them about. And so, when James cracks another joke about something she can't remember, she presses her hand into his forearm, leans her chest just close enough that it brushes his upper arm, and from the way that he looks at her, she knows that he knows that it's on. He tries to shoot her a warning look, a please god you're going to kill me if you keep doing this look, but he should know from the glint in her eye that she has no intention of doing any such thing. Though she does bide her time. He knows the game is on, and she can see him watching her out of the corner of his eye, hyperaware of every little movement that she's making, waiting for her to touch him in a way just a bit too inappropriate for the Savoy ballroom - his attention is exactly what she wanted and, really, he should know better by now. She doesn't really start playing until they're sitting at dinner. James and Sirius are no longer seated together because all the families the Potter's socialise with have learned that putting James and Sirius at the same table only spells trouble (as the ice swan at the 2010 fundraiser for Great Ormond Street can attest to). It doesn't matter that they're 25 now, that their antics no longer involved ice creatures of any kind - the people have learned their lesson, and so Lily and James are seated as far apart from Sirius and Remus as it is physically possible to get. James always sulks a bit at first because the seating arrangement usually means he gets stuck with the rich, older couples who find him charming, and he hates having to talk about polo and all that other nonsense all night (Sirius is still not trusted enough to sit with anyone other than the slightly delinquent cousins and he wouldn't prefer it any other way). James sits there though, with a broad smile on his face, determined to look like he's not thinking about stabbing a fork into his eye while Lord So-And-So talks about his fox hunt or whatever it is he does, and at the first opportunity, Lily uses James' determined composure to her advantage. Tonight, her opportunity comes early, really, really early. Soup course early. The servers have just whisked back off to wherever it is they go while the insufferable people in the ballroom pretend to eat, Lily sets her napkin in her lap as she laughs at a joke Lady Whoever has just told, and only one of her hands returns back to the table. She takes a bite of her soup, hums appreciatively, turns and smiles at James, "The soup is lovely, don't you think?" James nods, but he's gone stiff, his back rigid in his chair, and his hand trembles a bit when he sets his spoon back into the bowl. Lily just smiled at him, turned back to Lady Whoever with a broad smile on her face, "How's Angelina enjoying university," slid her hand a bit higher up James' thigh. They've done this enough that he knows what's coming, that her palm pressing flat against his groin isn't exactly a surprise, but he still clears his throat a bit more forcefully than necessary to cover the groan she knows he wants to make. She knows better than to turn and look at him, knows it will give them away, so she smiles at Lord Whoever, asks how he knows the host, as she rubs her hand just a bit more over James' nearly-there erection before she moves her hand back up to the table, picks up her drink, smiles at James, "We were at that gala last month as well, weren't we?" The satisfied smirk on her face really should have warned him that she's nowhere near done with him. She finds excuses to make noises that should be illegal in the middle of conversation (" OH , I bet she's enjoying University College" or " Mmm , that sounds divine , Pomona"), lets her fingers brush against James' on top of the table, presses the side of her thigh against his (and of course her dress has shimmied up her legs, of course it bloody has), and by the time they get to pudding, James is so on edge he's not sure how he hasn't either melted into a puddle or had a bloody heart attack. Though, after spending the whole of the pudding course watching Lily eat crème brûlée, he realises that she'd been taking it easy on him. Lily'd taken an interest in the woman on James' left, not, James realises a bit too late, because she's particularly interested in talking with her about her newest granddaughter, but because she can catch James' eye as she eats custard off her spoon in a way that is going to give him a stroke. And he hates her, but holy fucking hell does he love her. The servers whisk away their final course, come around and offer tea as the band begins to play a bit louder and people begin to move around the room again. James stands, thankful that he'd managed to get himself under control enough that he can stand without risking eternal embarrassment, and extends his hand to Lily, "Care to dance, love?" He hears the woman Lily had been talking to earlier click her tongue appreciatively, whisper "Now, Alfred, remember when we were that young," to her husband, but once Lily smiles back at him, a broad, knowing smile, it's like everything else in the world falls away and it's only her. She raises an eyebrow, "I'd love to," places her hand in his and stands. He moves his hand to the small of her back as they begin moving away from the table, presses her closer into his side, leans down and whispers, "We're dancing one dance and then we're going somewhere." He spins her as soon at the reach the floor, takes her right hand in his left, begins to move them through a simple waltz. His palm is hot against her back, the pads of his fingers pressing into her dress, as he pulls her tight against him, so close that it's almost difficult to move her legs through the right steps, steps that she's already horrible at doing anyway. But James has been dancing ballroom since he was eleven, and he knows how to move her through steps she can't execute without making them look horribly stupid, so it almost doesn't matter. The band completes whatever song they're playing and James' hand immediately drops hers, and he spins, his hand pressing a bit harder into her back, as he leads her through the crowd, towards the doors out into the corridor. He's talking with her about something that happened at the firm last week, a story he's already told her, but she's laughing loudly and appreciatively, making their presence known while disguising their intent. They've been to more galas at the Savoy than Lily cares to remember, but their knowledge of the hotel pays off as James hurries her down the corridor just outside the ballroom doors, around a series of corners and into the fire stairs at the other end of the hotel. His hands are in her hair the moment the door shuts behind them, and when his mouth meets hers, it's hot, insistent, impatient, and she smiles against him as he presses his hips a bit frantically against hers. He moves his mouth across her jaw, along her neck, as he slowly walks her backwards towards the alcove under the stairs, "You think it's funny teasing me like that, Evans?" He takes her earlobe between his teeth and she gasps, pushes her hips into him, "Yes." It was exactly the cheeky answer he was expecting, hoping for because fuck he loves it when she teases him, and he moves his hands to her hips, turns her on the spot, and presses her chest against the wall. Lily sucks in a sharp breath as James presses his lips to the side of her neck, his fingers trailing lightly across her skin as he moves her hair over her shoulder, kisses the back of her neck. "James," she shifts like she's going to turn around and James presses his hips against her arse, takes her earlobe between his teeth, and she shudders. "Fuck, James," she rests her forehead on the cool concrete, one of James' hands moves up to cup her breast, the other starts tugging up the hem of her dress. Her breathing is embarrassingly loud and she knows that if anyone is in the stairs at all they'll be able to hear her, but James is running his fingers slowly, torturously slowly, over the inside of her thigh and she can't bring herself to care about anything else. "Do you like torturing me, Evans?" His voice is quiet, but his chest is pressed up against her back and she can feel the sound rumbling through her, his words rough even as his fingers trace gentle lines over her skin. His left hand is barely brushing against her breast, his fingers are resting lightly on her thigh, and she knows he's doing it on purpose, trying to get her to beg him for it. She turns her head so that her eyes meet his briefly before she