Thanks goes out to the Tumblr anon that suggested this - let's be friends, anon. Prompt: Lily as a stage performer of some sort, actress, ballet dancer, opera, musical etc. Debuts in her first show, where she has to cover her face/wear a mask the whole performance and no one knows who she is. She becomes a hit and is the critics golden child and james/marauders snag an exclusive tv/youtube interview for the first time ever with her. Please paint me a picture, jack? Lily is playing the role of Mouth in Beckett's Not I - Lily's role is drawn from Lisa Dwan's real performance in the same play (Dwan performed in 2003 at the Royal Court Theatre, I've moved this up a decade because creative license means I can do whatever I want). She performed the monologue in 9min 50sec, the fastest that it has ever been performed (and she can do it even faster now), and is just a fucking badass. That, alone, is enough reason to inspire my Lily. For those of you that don't know (I don't know why you would because I don't know why I do) or are sitting there like "Really, how could a theatrical role be badass," this is an incredibly taxing role. I definitely encourage you to read up on it (there is also a performance online somewhere if you're so inclined - it's really, really intense, though so… be in the right state of mind if you're going to, yeah? And I guess a TW while we're at it because I do describe the performance conditions). Also, I could have changed the names of some of the other actors to keep it universe characters only, but I didn't - Billie Whitelaw deserves all the god damned respect in the world, even if she is only running around with these loons. (Also, oops I wrote some smut) "We got Evans?! Lily fucking Evans?!" James was jumping up and down on the spot in Remus' office, his hair bouncing on top of his head, his hands trembling with excitement. He'd wanted to get Evans on the programme since Not I premiered at the Royal Court two weeks ago, but she hadn't been ready to give interviews, and the more and more press the performance got, the more nervous James became. He wanted to get this interview, he wanted to meet this brilliant fucking performer, he'd wanted to get it first, but then realised he'd probably just have to settle for being put into the rotation at all, but then Remus. Bloody fucking Remus came through as he always did and James wanted to squeeze him to death he was so happy. Remus just stared at James, his eyebrows raised in amusement, kicked his feet up onto his desk, "Whenever you're ready to relax, I'm ready to give you details." James stopped jumping, but his hands were still shaking. He clasped them together behind his back to keep Remus from noticing (Remus had anyway). He took a deep breath, "Alright, details, please." His voice was still trembling a bit, but Remus took pity on him ( poor excited bastard ). He sighed, picked a folder up off his desk and handed it to James, "Her agent, Marlene McKinnon - " " McKinnon is her agent? Damn, I'm surprised we ever - " Remus raised a stern eyebrow and James fell silent again. Remus cleared his throat, "Anyway, McKinnon felt that it was time that Evans start making the rounds. She'd wanted her to do it before the show, but Evans was hesitant - " "I'm not surprised, I mean, taking on this role fifty years after it premiered in - " Remus shot him a look this time, and James hastily mumbled out an apology, "Sorry, I'm just excited." Remus sighed, smiled wryly at James, "I know, that's why I wanted to wait until you'd stopped fangirling. I actually like completing my sentences." James grinned, stuffed a hand into his hair, "Sorry, mate, continue." "Anyway, Evans was hesitant to do the media circuit before she put on the show, didn't want to put the cart before the horse I guess. Well, now that it's a complete fucking success," James opened his mouth like he was going to interrupt, but closed it when Remus raised his eyebrow again, "she's ready to talk to some reporters. You know that McKinnon and I go way back, so I pulled some strings, and she agreed to let you be the first to interview, assuming Evans is alright with it. McKinnon is taking the paperwork over to Evans now, and is going to email it all over as soon as she gets back in the office this afternoon." "Holy shit," James breathed, his hand jumped to his hair again, "I - Fuck, Remus, mate, thank you!" Remus just grinned, "Remember that the next time you and Sirius make fun of me for playing ultimate in uni. It's where McKinnon and I met." James pressed his lips together, barely suppressed a smile, "I - I would never make fun of you for - It's all Sirius - " a small laugh escaped his lips, and Remus snorted, threw a pen at his head, "Get the fuck out of my office, Potter." Lily scooped her tea bag out of her mug, set it on the dish on the countertop by the hob, moved the mobile in her hand to her other ear, "What programme is this again?" She opened the fridge, grabbed the quart of milk and dropped a splash into her mug while Marlene talked away in her ear, " Britain Tonight with James Potter. He's a bloke that I, apparently, went to uni with. I know the producer and I agreed that, as long as it's alright with you, I'd let them get the exclusive now that you're down to give interviews." Lily slid the milk back into the fridge, grabbed a spoon out of the drawer, stirred her tea, and took a long drag, "Oh, is that the one on ITV?" She could practically feel Marlene nodding through the phone, "The very same. What do you think?" Lily hummed, took another sip of her tea, "I've only seen the show once or twice, but he seems nice, like it would be a relatively easy interview - " Marlene snorted into the phone, "They're all going to be easy interviews, Lily, you're getting rave reviews." Lily brushed her hair back from her face, leaned up against the countertop, "I know, but I'm not used to the interview circuit or whatever so I'm just nervous." "No, no, I know," Marlene said, and Lily heard her shift the phone between her hands and the ambient noise got a bit louder, "but I wouldn't be putting you out there if I didn't think you were ready." Lily sighed, "I know - " "And," Marlene continued, Lily could hear her heels clicking across the tile of her office floors, "this programme is really nothing to worry about. When I mentioned to Remus that he had the go-ahead pending your consent, he was practically eating out of the palm of my hand. I'm pretty sure we could get them to do anything, so whatever you need to feel more comfortable - " "No," Lily pushed off the counter, started pacing back and forth, took another sip of her tea, "I'm comfortable, just a bit nervous. I haven't exactly been in the spotlight before, this is just new." Lily heard a ding over the phone as Marlene laughed, "The star actress in a hit theatre production isn't used to the spotlight." She was echoing a bit now and it sounded quieter. Lily could have responded to her sass, but she decided to change the subject, "Are you in the lift?" "Yeah, why?" Lily shrugged even though she knew Marlene couldn't see, "Just wondering. Where are you going?" "To yours actually - assuming you're home? I've got some paperwork I need you to sign." "Oh, you're only coming over for the paperwork now?" Marlene snorted into the phone and the ambient noise increased tenfold - she must have stepped out onto the street, "Paperwork and biscuits, Evans, you know those are the only reason I come all the way out to East London." Lily rolled her eyes, "East London is lovely - " "Yeah, save it, Evans," Marlene said, laughing, "We all know that you just like it because it reminds you of that dump you lived in in New York." "First of all - " "Yeah, yeah, yeah, Evans, I'll be there in thirty, you can tell me then, yeah?" Lily rolled her eyes, "Alright, see you then." Marlene clicked off and Lily walked back out into the sitting room, collapsed onto the couch, and clicked on the telly. It was the middle of the day and she couldn't imagine that there would be much on, but she was sure that she would find something. Sure enough, she found an old episode of Death in Paradise, and kicked her feet up to finish drinking her tea while she waited for Marlene to arrive. When Marlene banged on her door a half an hour later, Lily was halfway through a packet of gingernuts and drinking her third cuppa tea. She pushed herself up off the sofa and padded up the corridor, opened the door, "Hey Mar." Marlene grinned, pressed a kiss to Lily's cheek, "Wotcher, Lils. Here are the papers," she handed Lily a folder and walked past her into the sitting room. Lily shut the door, began flicking through the paperwork while Marlene sat on the couch, grabbed the packet of gingernuts, and shoved a biscuit into her mouth. "Just the standard stuff," Marlene said, "when you'll appear, what kind of prep you need, cancellation provisions, that sort of thing." Lily hummed, "Can I get you a cuppa tea?" Marlene grinned, "Sure." Lily walked into the kitchen and set the kettle on, grabbed a pen out of the drawer near the sink, and began reading through the paperwork. When she walked back out into the sitting room a few minutes later, Marlene grinned at her, "Thanks," she accepted the mug of tea and nodded towards the folder in Lily's hand, "Does that all look in order?" Lily shrugged, "I guess? I don't really know what I'm looking for in these kinds of things." Marlene nodded, took a sip of her tea, "Well, most of this stuff was already in your performance contract - the promotional shit that we've already gone through. This isn't a contract, per se - I just want to make sure that we're all on the same page." "So, I'll be going on," Lily flicked back to the first page in the folder, "next Tuesday?" Marlene nodded, "Assuming that's enough time for you to get prepared?" Lily shrugged, "I do a fairly gruelling performance dozens of times a week - I'm fairly sure I can handle an interview." Marlene smirked, "That's my girl. Anyway, it's the only time that we could fit it in around your performance schedule. We could have gone on tomorrow, but Remus wants time to advertise." Lily raised her eyebrows, "They're that excited about this?" Marlene took a sip of her tea, "You're going to be a legend, Evans. And," she smirked, "apparently James Potter is something of a theatre nerd, so he's going to be really chatting it up." Lily snorted, "Christ, really?" Marlene nodded, "Yeah. He's fit in person, too. In case you were curious." Lily sighed, rolled her eyes, "No, mum, I'm not curious. But good to know, I suppose." Marlene just grinned, "We'll see how you feel after next Tuesday, yeah?" Lily grabbed a gingernut out of the package on the table, took a bite, "Whatever, McKinnon." James hovered outside of Remus' office all afternoon. He found excuses to wander in and talk to him ("Do you think this tie or this tie