professor-riddikulus and I realised that Sirius Black and Gilderoy Lockhart would have been at school at the same time. We decided this fic needed to exist. Believe it or not, most of Gilderoy's nonsense in this fic is canon (timeline, though, probably not, but let's count my fucks). Well, Pottermore canon. That counts as canon, right? Whatever. Enjoy the crack, friends. It started one Wednesday late in February. "Who the fuck is that kid?" Lily looked up from the paper, over towards the other side of the Great Hall where Sirius was pointing. She turned back to the article she'd been reading, "That's the Lockhart kid. The one who sent himself all those valentines last year, remember?" Sirius knocked Lily's paper down ("Oi! Berk!"), pointed again, "Why the fuck is he talking to Remus?!" Lily looked again, and, sure enough, Remus was standing at the Ravenclaw table, hands in his pockets, a bright flush high on his cheeks, while the sleek, blonde Gilderoy chattered his ear off. Gilderoy was laughing at something Remus had said, and had stepped closer, briefly rested his hand on Remus' elbow. Lily snatched her paper back off the table, shot Sirius a look daring him to touch it again, "James and I paired Remus with Aubrey for rounds this week, so he probably just - " "I don't give a fuck about Aubrey, Red, I care about that blonde arsehole thinking he can chat up Remus in the middle of the Great Hall in front of me." Lily rolled her eyes, took a swig of her tea, "Why don't you go show him who's boss?" She'd deadpanned it, but Sirius, already looking for a reason, took her at her word, pushed himself to his feet, and strode across the Great Hall. James sat down just as Sirius had gotten to his feet, dropped an arm around Lily's shoulder, "Oi, Pads!" Lily sighed, pressed a quick kiss to the underside of James' jaw, before she turned back to her paper and took a bite of toast, "Don't bother, he's defending Remus' honour or something." They watched Sirius walk past the Hufflepuff table, start heading up the aisle towards where Remus was standing. James poured himself a cuppa, "What is he planning on doing?" Lily shook her head, "I don't know and I don't care." James laughed, pressed a kiss to the side of her head, "I'm so glad we're stable, Evans. No drama." Lily snorted into her tea and James plucked the toast from her hand, took a bite, sent her a wink. She elbowed him in the ribs. Sirius' walk morphed into a smooth strut about halfway up the Ravenclaw table, and his arm slid easily around Remus' waist when he reached him. Remus stiffened for just a moment out of surprise, before he relaxed into Sirius' familiar hold, wrapped his arm around Sirius' shoulders. Sirius leaned up and pressed a kiss to Remus' cheek before he turned to Gilderoy, raised a single, perfectly arched eyebrow, "What are you two talking about over here?" Sirius' aristocratic tendencies were never more pronounced than they were when he was angry - he was cold, superior, disdainful, and had absolutely no qualms about pulling rank, about reminding you that he was, and forever would be, better than you. Most people who drew out this side of Sirius tended to quail under his cold expression, his solid, unforgiving stare, but Gilderoy Lockhart, the bright, blonde little third year just straightened his spine, and smiled warmly at Remus before turning an equally cold eye towards Sirius, "Not sure it's any of your business, uh…" He trailed off, waited for Sirius to fill in his name, and Sirius' blood absolutely fucking boiled with rage. Remus pressed his fingers into Sirius' shoulders, took a deep breath, and Sirius knew he was miming it, trying to get Sirius to copy him without actually having to say the words, but Sirius was not in the mood to be calm, thank you, not when this know-nothing berk was trying to act like he didn't know who Sirius was. Sirius just laughed derisively, "Memory charm backfire or something, kid? Go see if Flitwick can patch you up." Sirius pressed his hand into Remus' hip, turned them, and led them back over towards the Gryffindor table. Sirius pressed a kiss to the side of Remus' neck as they rounded the Ravenclaw table for good measure. They'd hoped that it had just been a one-off, a mistake that Gilderoy Lockhart made that he would never, ever make again for fear of drawing the full wrath of Sirius Black. Unfortunately, Lockhart seemed to want nothing more than to irritate Sirius. The next morning, and they had to hand it to him, Lockhart didn't waste any time, Gilderoy slid in beside Remus at the Gryffindor table. Remus and Lily were sharing sections of the Prophet , and Sirius, sitting on Remus' other side, didn't see him at first, but when he heard Gilderoy's "What're you reading, Remus?" his entire body went stiff. Sirius leaned around the Remus, "I think you're at the wrong fucking table, mate." Gilderoy just laughed, loudly, but his eyes never once left Remus as he pushed himself to his feet, "Well, Remus, I just wanted to stop by and say good morning. You look great today, by the way." And then he winked, winked, and strolled back to the Ravenclaw table. Sirius was irate, "How dare that kid! He's a third year! Why does he think for one second that he can try to beat me -" Remus snorted, "'Beat you'? What are you even talking about?" Lily laughed, "Sirius, I highly doubt it has anything to do with you." Sirius threw his hands up in the air, nearly knocked over the flagon of pumpkin juice in front of him, "Of course it has to do with me!" Peter grabbed the pumpkin juice, moved it to the other side of the table, rolled his eyes at Lily before turning back to Sirius, "You only think it has to do with you because you think everything has to do with you." James grinned at Sirius, "I'm pretty sure it's Moony he's after here, mate. He wants nothing to do with you." James waggled his eyebrows and Remus cringed. Sirius shot James a withering glare, but James just grinned back, took a sip of his tea. Sirius turned back to Peter, "It does, Wormy, come on. Have you seen me," Sirius flicked his hair over his shoulder, "I'm the centre of this damn place." Lily gagged, and Sirius grinned, "Jealous, Red? I don't blame you." He winked at her and Peter hit him with a bit of toast. Lily smiled at him, "Thanks, Peter. Though, porridge might have been better." Peter laughed, "Next time." Sirius banged his fist on the table, "He just wants to fucking challenge me, thinks he is going to replace me as Hogwarts' fittest?!" Lily choked on her tea and James patted her on the back, while he tried to keep himself from doubling over with laughter. Sirius frowned at him, "Why are you so intent on hurting me today, Prongs?" James laughed, "You're just so fucking easy, Pads." Remus sighed, dropped an arm over Sirius' shoulders, kissed his temple, "You know that this is what he wants, right?" Sirius sighed, "You're right, Prongs does love to torture me." James hit him with a piece of toast off of Lily's plate (Lily smacked him in the chest, James pulled her into his arms and squeezed, Peter and Sirius gagged). Remus shook his head, "No, Lockhart. He wants a reaction. He sent himself a fucking thousand valentines or something last year - " "I know," Sirius said, "Lily said yesterday." "Alright then," Remus said, pulling Sirius closer into his side, "so give it up already. You know he just wants the attention, and the easiest way to do that is by goading 'Hogwarts' Fittest'," he put air quotes around it and Sirius laughed, "Don't put air quotes around it like it isn't true Moony," but Remus just kept talking over him, "into some kind of fucking war." "Well what the fuck am I supposed to do?" "Just ignore him. That will drive him completely mad and eventually he'll stop." Sirius was quiet for a moment before he turned, kissed Remus, "Yeah, I'm not going to do that." It seemed though, at first, like Sirius was taking Remus' advice. At least, he was taking his advice as much as Sirius ever took Remus' advice - he sort of half listened and did what he wanted anyway, but he usually added a bit of flair that he could point to and say, "That, Remus, was inspired by your advice!" This particular bit of advice convinced Sirius that messing with Lockhart was perfectly alright as long as he wasn't the one to do it. James had refused to get involved, said he had "more important things to be doing" (while Lily nodded fervently and Sirius pretended to throw up on them), Peter said it didn't make sense to do something with one of them, because anything the Marauders did would inevitably be traced back to Sirius, and would defeat the whole bloody purpose. So Sirius settled on Peeves, a usually unattainable ally that, fortunately for Sirius, enjoyed Sirius' complete lack of regard for the rules and always appreciated an obnoxiously large gift of ink pellets. When Peeves swooped down the next morning at breakfast and dropped a giant ink pellet on Lockhart's head, Sirius tried his best to keep from giving up the game (especially when Lockhart started screaming about his hair). His fingers were biting into Remus' thigh under the table as he attempted to control the explosive laughter threatening to burst out of him, but when Lockhart stormed over to their table, ink streaming down his face, Sirius choked on his eggs. "I know this was you, Black," Lockhart said. He reached up, wiped his brow, and flicked a bit of ink off his fingers and onto Sirius' face. Sirius went to stand, but Remus' hand shot off the table and pressed Sirius' leg back into the bench. Sirius shot Remus a deadly glare, grabbed his napkin off his lap, dabbed at the ink over his eye, "So," his voice was hard and cold, "you do know my name, little third year." Lockhart snorted, "Just prepare yourself, Black. I'm not taking this lying down." Sirius snorted, "Yeah, I'm so afraid." Lockhart straightened up, lifted his chin in a way that was disturbingly similar to the way that Sirius did, "You bloody well should be." Lockhart did managed to shoot a few jets of water at Sirius in the corridor between classes that afternoon, (Sirius had just laughed, waved his wand, and fixed his hair, all while shouting that something as amateurish as Aguamenti wasn't going to take him down), but it seemed (after the fact) like he'd just been biding his time. Sirius was largely spared over the weekend (waking up at fucking gone noon and then pulling Remus into bed as long as he would allow it wasn't exactly conducive to whatever bizarre duelling Sirius and Lockhart were in the middle of), but come Monday morning, all hell absolutely broke loose. Sirius had just sat down for breakfast, still rubbing the sleep from his eyes and grumbling about the ungodly hour that Remus had dragged him out of bed, when it happened. A giant head, a fucking head, shot up into the air over the Gryffindor table - Lockhart's head. Sirius nearly spilled tea down himself in shock, James choked on a bit of muffin (mostly from laughing), and Peter, Remus, and Lily all dutifully turned back to the paper they were sharing, tried their best to ignore the combustion waiting to happen beside them. "Hey, Black," Lockhart was shouting to him from across the Great Hall, and it took everything that Sirius had not