Hey, look. Another Ed Sheeran inspired fic. You tired of these yet? This gets a bit obnoxiously inspired at the end because hot damn I could not resist. Well, actually, the middle - it was originally going to be the end but they decided to fuck instead so... fairly explicit smut ahead. No, I didn't put the lyrics actually in the bloody thing, but I recommend a listen (if only because this is a damn good song). Also - last one shot for a while. After the next chapter of The Underground goes up (this weekend?) I'm going on fic hiatus until mid-May because your girl has seminar papers to write. I know, I'm crying too. The pub was packed. It was loud and sweaty and the air smelled like hard liquor and beer and the cigarette smoke wafting in off the street. Her local was normally a quiet, subdued place (though it occasionally got a bit rowdy on pub quiz night) - it was a lowkey pub, the bartenders were all really nice (though she had her favourite), and the regulars were cool. On New Act Fridays, though, the place exploded. It was a scene she'd long since moved on from since leaving uni, one full of writhing bodies and spilled drinks, but she always made a special exception for what was, probably, her favourite pub event. So, it seemed, did everyone the hell else in Leytonstone. Lily tipped her head in thanks to the bartender as he dropped off her third gin and tonic, squeezed the lime into her glass, turned back around on her stool. She swirled her drink, leaned her back up against the bar, and surveyed the crowd. Everyone was largely chatting amongst themselves while they waited for the next act to get set up - a few people were pressed up against the wall and snogging furiously in the far corner, but Lily knew the number would at least double by the end of the night. There was a pair of men on the small stage in the corner, a lanky blonde and a tall one with a mop of jet black hair, setting up their instruments as they prepped for, Lily assumed, their set. A man with a leather jacket stumbled out of the crowd, grabbed the blonde one by the neck with one hand, a fistful of his white t-shirt in his other, whispered something in his ear, pressed a kiss to his lips - the blonde smiled, beamed, before shoving the man, now laughing so loudly Lily could hear him from across the pub, off the stage. Her eyes flicked away from them as the blonde sat down at his drums, began twisting something she couldn't see - she turned back to the black haired man. He was fiddling with the tuning pegs on his guitar, his fingers plucking the strings, a look of deep concentration on his face. She moved her eyes over the long, lean muscles on his forearm, the tendons popping out in that absurdly sexy way that they always seem to do on guitar players, took another sip of her drink. He was part-way through tuning the fifth string when his eyes snapped up and met hers almost immediately, like he'd felt her eyes on him. She couldn't tell what colour his eyes were, not from this distance, but she watched his gaze travel slowly down her body (her breath caught in her throat) before his eyes met hers again and he arched an eyebrow. Lily bit her lip - his lips hitched up into a cocky, lopsided smirk. Lily pulled her eyes away from his, jabbed her best friend in the back with her finger - "Mar!" Marlene spun around on her stool, her long blonde hair practically whipping Lily in the face, "What?" Lily rubbed her lips pointedly, and Marlene wiped off the lipstick smudged around her mouth, "Can you two unhinge your mouths for two fucking seconds and confirm something for me?" Dorcas leaned over, put her chin on Marlene's shoulder and smirked at Lily, "Sorry, Lils." Marlene rolled her eyes, turned her face and planted a quick kiss to Dorcas' cheek, "Don't apologise to her, we aren't sorry." Dorcas laughed, flicked her brown hair over her shoulder and shrugged at Lily. Lily just rolled her eyes, "Haven't you two fucked yourselves out of the new love phase yet?" Marlene laughed, "Not even close, Evans. Now, what do we need to confirm?" Lily kept her body facing Marlene and Dorcas, but flicked her eyes pointedly towards the stage, "Is the guy with the black hair still looking over here?" They both turned discretely before smiling at Lily. "Yeah, he's still staring," Dorcas said, "And he's fucking fit ." She fanned herself dramatically and Lily reached behind Marlene and shoved her. Marlene smirked knowingly at Lily, "Were you checking him out?" Lily shrugged, took a long drag of her drink, "Might've been." Marlene laughed, wrapped her arm around Lily's shoulders, "Well, he's still looking… if you play your cards right, you might be able to clear out the cobwebs in your knickers, Evans." "Oh, fuck off, you git," Lily pushed Marlene's arm off her shoulder and Marlene just laughed, "Find the lie, love." Lily gave Marlene the finger and finished her drink, spun around and caught the bartender's eye. He walked over to them and smiled, his eyes flicking around to check their drinks, "Another round?" Lily nodded, "This is… my round, yeah?" Marlene and Dorcas nodded, slid their glasses back across the bar, "Same all round, Ted," she smiled broadly at him, "Thanks, mate." Ted nodded, "Coming right up, Lils," and he set about making their drinks, sliding them across the bar as he finished them. Lily slid him a twenty pound note and Ted tilted his head, "You're not trying this again, are you?" Lily pressed the note into his hand, "Just fucking take it Ted, or I'll just leave it in the till when you turn your back." "Lily, it's too much, I can't - " "Ted, fucking hell, just take the fucking note. We both know I can afford it now." She tried to grin, but Ted pushed the note back to her. She grabbed the money, stood up on her stool, leaned over the bar, and stuffed it into the back pocket of Ted's trousers, "Now, I don't want to hear anymore about it." Ted sighed, "Fine, but you're not paying for any other drinks tonight," he cast a stern look around at all of them, " Any of you." Lily rolled her eyes, "Fine." Ted grinned, patted her hand, "There's our girl." Lily squeezed her lime into her drink, stirred it, and tossed her straw at Ted, "Just hope I don't text your wife and tell her you're refusing my money again." Ted laughed, "Nice try. Andromeda agrees with me, Lily. Your money is no good here." Lily groaned, "Prick." Ted laughed again, "Don't make me kick you out of my pub, Evans." Lily laughed loudly, "You would never. " Ted winked and disappeared down the other end of the bar, and Lily spun around again, found Marlene and Dorcas looking at her with shit-eating grins on their faces. "What?" Lily took a sip of her drink and Marlene tilted her head a bit towards the stage. Lily looked round - he was still staring at her - she turned back to Marlene, "Has he been staring the whole time?" "Not the whole time," Dorcas said, taking a swig of her pint. "Yeah," Marlene agreed, taking a sip of her whiskey and grinning, "just most of the time." "Like when you bent over the bar and stuffed your hand in Ted's trousers," Dorcas said, laughter bubbling at the edges of her voice. "Or," Marlene's smile was positively wicked, "when you laughed in that way that you do." Lily scoffed, "What way ?!" "You know," Marlene said, she shimmied her hair down her back and tossed her head back, laughed loudly and Dorcas screeched, pointed, "YES! LIKE THAT!" Lily grabbed a few peanuts out of the bowl a few feet from her and tossed them at them. "Oi!" Ted shouted, grinning at Lily, "Don't make me get the broom, Evans!" Lily gave Ted the finger and he just laughed. Lily turned back to Marlene and Dorcas, getting ready to shout at them, when they heard the feedback from a mic getting clicked on. Lily's eyes snapped to the stage immediately (she largely ignored Marlene's elbow in the ribs). The man in the leather jacket was back and, surprisingly, sitting at the drums, shooting winks at the blonde who Lily thought was the drummer but was apparently the bassist. The man with the black hair was at the microphone, clearing his throat, guitar slung across his chest - "Hi everyone, we're The Marauders and, obviously, a new act." He smirked, and though he didn't sound nervous, he stuffed a hand in his hair in a way that betrayed him, "We're going to play a few pieces we've been working on. If there are any producers in the house, feel free to offer us a deal." He sent a wink her way and Lily bit the corner of her lip, shook her head. He just grinned, turned his head and caught his bassist's eye, and Lily could see him tapping out time with his foot. They launched into a song that was a lot better than she'd expected, like… really good. And while the music was… great … she found herself watching the man at the centre more than anything else. The way his fingers moved over the strings, his forearms flexed as he moved his hand up and down the neck of the guitar, the way he tapped his foot to the time throughout the song, moved his head just a bit, just enough to set the chaotic pieces of his hair flopping around the top of his head. All of that was a lot, all of that was setting her heart pounding in her chest, making Marlene elbow her more and more insistently in her ribs, but when he opened his mouth and that rich, gravelly voice rolled out - she came in her knickers. It was so unexpected. His voice was a smooth baritone, a rich, honeyed sound with a gritty undertone that knocked her flat and she could not keep her eyes off him once he'd started singing and she didn't care, not at all, that he'd noticed. His eyes were trained on hers as he sang, his mouth pressed close to the microphone in a way that made her breath catch because what I would give to have his mouth that fucking close to me oh my god. The song ended and the pub exploded into applause around her, Lily moved her hands together more out of habit than anything else because she couldn't pull her eyes away from him long enough to even register what the rest of her stupid body was doing. She felt a thump on the side of her head and she shrieked, "Ouch!" She rounded on Marlene who just grinned, "Stop eye fucking him, Evans, you might fuck up his set. These guys are actually good." They were. Really, really good. And that almost never happened on New Act Friday. "I'm not eye fucking anyone," Lily grumbled, but she downed half her drink as the guitar player opened his mouth again, "Thanks, everyone." His hand was in his hair again and bloody hell, it was endearing. "We haven't named any of these songs yet, so if you have suggestions for our stupid arses, let us know." The crowd chuckled and guitar man turned his head, started tapping out time again, launched into another song. So it was for the two songs after that - they played a brilliant song, guitar man engaged in some stupid banter with the crowd, they played another