I say fuck a lot. Like 57 times a lot. Is it necessary? No. Do I care? Not even a little bit. This is literal nonsense, but I promised levins I would write this and so - I wrote this. Enjoy. x Lily Evans was late. Well, she wasn't late late, but she wasn't early, and at this rate, she might as well be fucking late. She was late and sweating (because it's a million fucking degrees outside even though it's fucking February) and lost (because this campus was stupid and the buildings needed to be marked better for the love of fucking god). She had unfurled a giant map she'd grabbed from the library she'd wandered into accidentally, and was standing in the middle of the giant brick walkway outside trying to find the fucking building she needed (and keep from tearing her hair out from the stress) when someone tapped her shoulder. She whirled round and her eyes met a tall, spectacled guy with horribly untidy black hair - he was smiling at her (and attractive as hell but she didn't have time for this today). Back home in New York, this shit never ended well, but she figured she might as well try and be polite. Get into the Southern spirit or whatever. She raised an eyebrow, 'Yes?' He grinned wider at her ( how in the fuck is he doing that with his face?! ), 'You look like you need help. Can I help you find something?' His accent was thicker than she'd thought it would be just from looking at him, and his speech was slow, measured, like he was taking his time, letting his mouth form each goddamned syllable instead of rushing through it and letting the sounds run together. Even hearing it made her heart pound, annoyed, in her chest, made her hands tremble with nervous energy. She didn't understand slow, wasn't interested in slow - she was born fast, lived fast, and New York had been more than willing to cater to that part of her. Hell, it had encouraged it. What the fuck am I doing here again? She took a deep breath, brushed a quick hand across her brow, swiped her dark red hair forcefully out of her eyes. 'Yeah,' she said, her own accent harder, more forceful after his smooth, rounded sound, 'I need to find the chemistry building.' 'Oh,' he grinned at her, 'Now, why are you headed there, darlin?' For fuck's sake, does everything need to be a goddamn conversation? 'I have an interview,' she said, and her tone was even more clipped than before as the anxiety started to build in her chest, 'I'm going to be late if I don't get there soon.' She'd hoped that she was communicating just how fucking urgent this was, just how close she was to complete emotional collapse, but then he smiled at her, another lazy smile that set her teeth on edge, and said, 'Well, I suppose I could help you out if - ' She'd tried, honestly, to be patient, but she just wasn't fucking built for this, not today when she was already at her wits end and her nerves were frayed beyond repair. She burst into speech, interrupted the middle of his sentence, her hands flying, 'I don't have time for some fucking Georgia peach to take eight fucking hours to tell me where I need to go! Can you just fucking point me or something?' Anyone else probably would have been taken aback, been horribly insulted and shouted at her, or at least given up and walked away. He just waited patiently for her to finish and laughed heartily as she stood there, seething, 'Well now, darlin', that's your problem right there. We're in North Carolina, not Georgia. I reckon that's why you're lost.' Lily wanted to rip her hair out, 'I know what fucking state I'm in! I just don't know any other ridiculous Southern names so you're a peach, and no,' she held up her hand because he had opened his mouth like he was going to start listing off all the fucking names he could think of, 'I'm not interested in hearing them.' She kept waiting for him to turn on his heel and just leave her there (she would have done it ages ago), but he just shook his head, chuckled warmly, 'I knew ya'll New Yorkers were angry, but I didn't know ya'll were this angry.' 'How do you know I'm from New York?!' He grinned, 'Please, darlin', don't insult my intelligence. It's as clear as day.' Lily saw red and he just laughed. She sighed, 'Can you please just tell me where,' she checked her sheet again, 'Venable Hall is? My faculty contact was supposed to meet me, but his kids are sick, and I said I could find the place myself because I SHOULD FUCKING BE ABLE TO, but now I can't because this fucking campus is absurdly large, and please for the love of god, it's killing me to ask for help, can you just -' He held up a hand now, cut her off midstream. He stuck his arm out, an amused grin on his face, 'If you'll take my arm, darlin', I'm more than happy to get you where you're going.' Lily shot him a look, 'This isn't Gone with the fucking Wind , I'm not taking your damn arm. You don't even have to walk with me, just point me in the general direction.' The bastard just grinned, turned on his heel, started walking, and Lily huffed angrily, 'I could have asked anyone on this entire fucking campus - ' 'You coming, darlin'?' He'd turned around, ten feet away from her now, smiled a winning smile at her. She sighed, turned, and walked quickly to catch up. He smiled down at her as soon as she fell into step beside him, 'So, what brings you to Chapel Hill?' Of course he's trying to make conversation. Can't we just walk in silence and pretend no one else exists on the entire fucking planet like normal human beings? She straightened up, adjusted the bag on her arm, 'I'm interviewing for a position in the Chemistry department.' She noticed his expression change, just a bit, like something had registered in his mind, but it was gone before she could really process it (or think to shout at him about it). He hummed, 'Well now, that's impressive.' She shot him a glare, 'Why?' He laughed, 'Because I know that the position you're interviewing for drew hundreds of applicants. It's impressive that you made it through a field that large.' Lily shrugged, 'Well, someone had to, why not me?' He smiled, 'Why not, indeed, darlin'?' Lily groaned, 'You've called me "darlin",' she did a thick imitation of his southern drawl, 'like eight thousand times in the past five minutes. Is this a thing, because I swear to god that might be a deal breaker for me.' He laughed again, 'No, darlin', I just don't know your name. And I can tell that you hate it, so...' he trailed off and shot her a look. She rolled her eyes, 'You're a dick.' 'Now, there's that New York charm I'm always hearing so much about.' She sighed, let the silence hover between them for a moment before she said, 'Lily Evans.' He hummed, 'What's that?' 'My name,' she said, rolling her eyes, 'Lily Evans.' He beamed at her, reached over and shook her hand (a move that was very awkward while they were walking), 'James Potter.' She nodded, smiled what was probably a half-hearted smile, and dropped his hand. They fell into what felt, to Lily, like a less-than-comfortable silence, but from the easy way that James was gliding along beside her, you would have thought they were taking some kind of country fucking stroll. His hands swung lazily at his sides when they weren't reaching up to tousle his hair or push his glasses back up his nose, he was, somehow, not even breaking a sweat in the full fucking suit he was in, and he'd even had the audacity to look at her after he stuffed his hands in his trouser pockets and say, 'Just a bit chilly today, don't you think, darlin'?' She'd almost slugged him for that, but the amused look on his face told her that he probably would have counted it as a victory if she had. 'Are you irritating me on purpose?' He laughed, loud and deep, and she steadfastly ignored the way her stomach clenched at the sound. 'About time you caught on.' She turned to glare at him, 'Are you fucking serious?' That, for some reason, made him laugh even louder, and he reached up, brushed a tear from the corner of his eye and adjusted his glasses, 'Yeah, sorry, darlin', I just couldn't help it. You look so beautiful when you're angry.' She snorted, 'Look, Potter, this isn't some You've Got Mail romance kinda bullshit. I just need you to get me to this fucking building so that I can do this interview. I'm already stressed out because the job market is literally hell and I don't even know how I managed to get an interview at this huge fucking school because I would literally have killed to get even a shot at a job like this and now I'm here and I have no idea how in the fuck I'm going to get through the next two days without imploding and - ' 'Whoa, whoa, whoa,' he said, and he reached out, grabbed her elbow, and stopped them walking in the middle of the sidewalk. New York Lily would have ripped her arm out of his grasp, stalked off, maybe even smacked him first, but Chapel Hill Lily, Interview Lily, was hyperventilating a little bit. She had the beginnings of a panic attack lurking on the edges of her brain, and she closed her eyes, took a few deep, steady breaths, and, even though she felt him grip her elbow a bit harder, felt him step closer to her, she didn't open her eyes until she she felt her heart start to slow to a manageable rate. When she opened her eyes again, he was looking down at her, concern knitting his eyebrows. 'What?' She'd tried to snap at him, tried to sound forceful, but her voice sounded a bit shaky to her own ears and she knew that he'd detected it. He frowned deeper, 'You alright?' She took another deep breath, pulled herself up so that she was standing up straight again, drew her shoulders back, 'Yeah,' she said, reaching up and tucking a stray strand of hair behind her ear, 'yeah, I'm fine.' He raised an eyebrow, 'Are you sure, because - ' 'I said I'm fine.' Her voice was a bit more forceful now, and James fell silent at once. He studied her for another long moment before he nodded, 'Alright. Well, let's get you to your building then.' They walked in silence, Lily doing her best to bring her breathing back to a normal rate, to work out all the anxiety that had crept back into her head. She'd been good, fine, for the trip into town yesterday, for the faculty dinner the night before, through most of the day so far today, but now that she was this close to the actual fucking show, to the faculty meetings and her fucking job talk, she could feel herself starting to freak out. The fact that she'd gotten this offer, that they'd wanted her to visit… it helped, a little, because the fact that they liked her enough at the early stages of the interviewing process to bring her onto campus at all meant that they thought she had a chance, and she knew that all she had to do was crush the rest of today and the morning tomorrow and the job was hers. She