Thanks to professor-riddikulus and beks21 for their read-throughs, notes, and time spent listening to me ramble about these baking nerds. It was, easily, one of her favourite shops in all of London. She'd never been inside, but it was still, without a doubt, her favourite. Marlene routinely told her that loving a shop she'd never been into made her certifiably mad, but Lily just told her to shove off. She had her reasons. Bread Head, easily the most amusing bakery name in the world, was right on her walk to work (sort of), the smell coming out of there in the early morning was absolutely fucking divine, and the men she'd seen behind the counter weren't bad either. She'd noticed the "Classes Offered" sign in the window, made a mental note every morning to call them and ask when they were hosting them, but, upon entering the hospital, she was always swept up in something or another and she always forgot. Maybe that was why she was here today. Today had been a rough fucking day and she needed something, anything to distract her. She'd known, going into the operating theatre, that it was going to be a difficult surgery. That there was a sizeable chance of failure. That her patient's parents were prepared, as prepared as they could be, for the very real possibility that their baby wouldn't be coming out of surgery. But when it had come down to it, and she'd been so close to finishing it successfully before… fuck, before she'd bled out on the table, it ripped her heart apart. She had been so fucking close, so close to giving this little girl back to her parents, to giving her a future. Lily tried to do all the normal things, all the things that you're supposed to do after a loss. She reminded herself that the little girl, Olivia, Olivia, wouldn't have been able to live long with that heart defect. That she'd had to undergo surgery or she definitely wouldn't have had a future. That she had a teeny tiny little heart and Lily had almost fixed it - she'd done all she could have done. Every single bloody thing. It just hadn't been enough. She wasn't normally the dramatic type - she was easy going, even-keeled when she had a scalpel in her hand. She had losses, everyone had losses, but she'd always dealt with them soberly, always steadied herself before she went back to report the devastating news to the family. But this case was different. She was attached. She wanted, no, needed, this victory - for Olivia, for her parents… for herself. She'd come to love the little girl, her bright laugh, her brilliant smiles, the babble she emitted in a near constant stream as she tried to figure out what in the hell language was and how to wield it. About fifteen minutes after Olivia had flatlined, after her fellow surgeons had finally managed to still Lily's hands, to keep them from reaching for the tiny little internal paddles again and again, she felt numb. She'd thrown her instruments back into the tray, screamed a colourful variety of obscenities, and stormed out of theatre. Her mask, gowns, cap were off in a matter of moments and she scrubbed her hands furiously under water that was far too hot for her skin, staring, just staring at them all in there, watching as they stitched her tiny chest back up, cleaned her off, wrapped her up in blankets, placed her back into the isolation crib that had brought her there. She'd braced herself against the metal surgical sink, her fingers gripping onto the sides like it was the only thing tethering her to the fucking planet. Screaming 'FUCK!' had helped, momentarily, but it had done nothing to steady her nerves and she was going to need them. She was going to have, easily, the toughest conversation of her career, with a family she'd come to love, and she needed to be okay. She needed to be their rock, what they held onto, because this was their daughter, their infant fucking daughter, and she'd died and they were going to need someone to tell them, earnestly, that they would get through this. That this wouldn't sink them, that they could carry on. She took a deep breath and focused her eyes on her reflection in the window to the operating theatre. You can do this, Evans. You're a fucking surgeon for god's sake, you knew this was part of the job. You did your bloody best. You can do this. Telling Olivia's parents had been, as she'd known it would be, a fucking travesty. She'd tried to remain distant, tried to channel her mentor from clinicals, tried to just give them the facts, but she'd ended up with tears streaming down her face while she told them that 'Really, you can call me anytime. You can be with her as long as you need. Please, let me know if you need anything, here's my personal mobile number, I'm so, so sorry.' They hadn't blamed her. They'd cried, Olivia's mum had wrapped her in a hug, thanked her for doing everything that she possibly could to save their baby. She'd cried in the on-call room for about an hour before she finally got it together enough to leave. She'd just pulled her wool coat on overtop of her hospital issue scrubs and plunked a hat on her head before venturing out into the night. It wasn't that late, maybe half eight, but it was early January and so it was fairly dark. She was on call, so her mobile was set to ring in her pocket, and but she wasn't ready to go home. She needed sleep, but she couldn't just go back to her flat and sit there in the dark and do nothing. She needed to do something with her hands, needed to go somewhere to get her mind off of everything that had happened that day. She was wandering aimlessly around the streets, staring into shop windows as she passed. After a half an hour or so of wandering, she found herself, somehow, in front of Bread Head - the lights were on inside and there was a man, the devastatingly handsome, bespectacled one, standing there kneading dough at the long stone-top table in the centre of the bakery. Before she realised what she was doing, before she could come to her fucking senses, she opened the door. He looked up as soon as she walked in and smiled warmly at her - it was one of those smiles, a smile that, on any other day, would have knocked her right on her arse. Today, it washed over her, barely registered. Her hands were shaking. 'Sorry,' she said, looking around herself as though she wasn't quite aware of where she was, 'I… you're closed, aren't you?' The man brushed his hands against his apron, bright red, she noted ( How isn't he covered in flour? ), and leaned casually against the table. 'Well, according to our door, we are.' He smirked, 'But as I own the place, I'd say we can be open for you…' He trailed off and she wasn't sure why until she realised he was waiting for her to fill in her name. 'Lily,' she said, she cleared her throat, her cheeks flushing, 'Dr Lily Evans.' He grinned, 'James. Baker Extraordinaire James Potter,' he held his hand out across the table and Lily walked further into the bakery, shook it briefly, 'And what can I do for you?' Lily flushed again, 'I was… well,' she cleared her throat again, 'I saw you had the sign about classes and I've been meaning to stop by forever and I just kept forgetting because,' she pulled her badge out from her jacket and waved it haphazardly, ' doctor, and I had a really, really rough day today and I don't know, I was going to just keep walking home but I want to do something with my hands, something that isn't surgery and I thought bread might be nice.' She trailed off - James was studying her, but he wasn't laughing. She would have been laughing at her, how isn't he laughing , but instead he smiled warmly, softly, at her and said 'Do you like pizza, Dr Evans?' She quirked her eyebrow, confused, 'Yes, I love pizza. And please,' she smiled just a bit, 'just Lily.' His smile got wider, impossibly so, I have literally never met anyone that smiles this bloody much and he held up a finger, turned, and disappeared through a door and into, presumably, the back of the bakery. She stood awkwardly at the table, her eyes moving over the slick of what appeared to be oil on the marble tabletop while she listened to him banging around in the back room. The dough ball he'd been kneading was still sitting there, a roll of clingfilm discarded in a corner where it had clearly been tossed earlier. He came back a minute later, his arms laden with things and Lily rushed around the table, 'Let me help you!' James grinned when she took a jar of what looked like flour out of his hands. He laid everything out on the table before mumbling something that sounded vaguely like 'bollocks' under his breath - he pulled off a piece of clingfilm from the roll, wrapped it quickly around the dough on the table, and crossed the shop to put it in a fridge near the front door. 'What's that?' she asked, nodding towards the fridge. James grinned, 'Pizza dough. We make a small batch every night, pre-kneaded, so that when people buy it all they have to do is wait for it to rise while they're at work.' Lily's jaw dropped, 'It takes that long to rise!?' James laughed, 'The slower the rise, the more flavourful the dough, Dr Evans.' She rolled her eyes, 'I told you to call me Lily.' 'I know.' He winked. She tried to scowl, but the smile tugging at the corner of her lips gave her away, and he beamed at her. 'Alright, Lily,' he smiled, and she sighed, rolling her eyes again, 'Have you ever made pizza dough before?' She shook her head, 'Being a surgeon doesn't afford me a lot of time to get fancy in the kitchen.' James clicked his tongue, 'That's a shame. Fortunately, I think you'll rise to the challenge.' He winked again, and she groaned. He just laughed, 'Oh, you don't like puns?' 'I can roll with it, but I'm not in the mood for them today if I'm honest.' He smirked, 'I see you, Lily. But I suppose I could relax for today if you're having naan of it.' She grinned, laughed in spite of herself. He beamed. 'Alright,' James pulled a pinny from a hook on the back wall and handed it to her, 'this is everything you'll need. I'm going to walk you through it, but you're going to make it all by yourself. Think you can handle it?' Lily tossed her jacket into a far corner, pulled the pinny over her head, wrapped the apron strings around her back, tied a knot in front of her stomach, 'I thought you said I'd rise to the challenge?' James grinned, 'Just checking. This is serious business, I need to know that you're up for it.' Lily laughed as she took her place beside James at the table, and James just smiled at her. 'Alright,' James slid his scale in front of him and nodded for Lily to do the same, 'we're going to make one ball at a time, so measure out 300 grams of flour.' James set a bowl on top of her scale, zeroed it, and began scooping flour out of the jar between them. Lily mimicked him, the corner of her lip between her teeth, while James talked about flour -