Flowers of Flesh and Blood In which a small mercy changes two lives forever. This fic contains non-consensual sex. Please continue to read at your own risk. There is the first in the "Flowers of Flesh and Blood" series I have planned dealing with the aftermath of this incident. This work has not been Beta'ed so please forgive the discrepancies and grammatical errors. Contact me if you would like beta ^_^ I would really appreciate the help. Malfoy Manor - Easter Holiday Dobby, former house elf of the Malfoy family, had just vanished the chain on the wall when the crystal chandelier shattered into a million brilliant little pieces on the marble floor of the parlor. In the chaos, Ron ran to Hermione, pulling her away from the grasp of Bellatrix who was standing in shock at the events unfolding. He dragged her next to the fireplace as spells flew overhead, gripping Hermione's hand and repeating "Are you ok, are you ok," over and over again. "Ron, Hermione, let's go!" Harry yelled as he ran to Ron, grasped his hand, and pulled the sword of Gryffindor tighter against himself. From his perch on the mantle, Dobby pulled Harry's shirt and started to Disapparate out of the Manor. Hermione felt the pull of the Disapparation, but within a fraction of a second, Ron's fingers slipped from hers as Bellatrix's spell dragged her away from him and back towards its caster. His hand still outstretched and her name of his lips, Ron disappeared leaving Hermione alone in the hands of the enemy. Draco sat stiffly in his chair, hands twisting and pulling at each other in his lap as he contemplated what he was going to do next. After Potter and Weasley had Disapparated, his mother had healed the cuts along his face and neck from the destroyed chandelier, ordering the house elves to clean the mess the battle had caused. Aunt Bellatrix and the werewolf, Fenrir Greyback, had taken the barely conscious Granger back down to the cellar to continue the interrogation. By nightfall, her screams had finally stopped, and Bellatrix ascended looking deranged with flecks of blood and a twisted sneer on her face. Pulling her chair out, she had sat with them for supper, and his father demanded to know what knowledge she had ascertained. "Patience, Lucius, these things take time. And the Dark Lord has given me all the time I need." She was humming as she sipped her soup. Draco had grimaced, no longer hungry, and excused himself from the table. He was halfway to his rooms in the south wing when he heard a voice coming from a guest room. "... got all night with the pretty little Mudblood. Bet she'll moan real good fer me, too. All of them are right sluts underneath," the voice of Fenrir Greyback rumbled, and Draco moved closer to the partially closed door, looking through the crack, his curiosity getting the better of him. "Bu-bu-but the Dark Lord left it to Bellatrix to get information from the girl. It won't do if she's too damaged, Greyback," came the simpering voice of Wormtail who fretted about the room like an uncaged rat. "I'm not gonna kill her, ya dungheap, just play with her a bit, maybe get a little bite in. Virgins always taste the best." And with that Draco darted from his spot, half-running to his rooms and shutting the door with shaking hands. At half past eleven he finally stood from his chair, straightened his back and headed to the cellar. "Granger?" His whisper seemed terribly loud in the silence of the cellar stairwell. He descended quickly, wishing to be in and out with Granger in tow before his aunt was the wiser. What Greyback was planning for the muggleborn...Draco couldn't stand the thought of it. Granger was the worst sort of know-it-all swot and smug mudblood, but did anyone deserve what the werewolf was planning to do to her? He had considered it for hours before he finally rose to action. When Draco reached the bottom, the scene before him caused him to immediately halt. With his wand at the ready, he stood immobile in shock and disgust. Granger, still bloodied and shackled to the stone wall, knelt before Greyback, her head bobbing up and down as she worked her mouth over his large member. In the light of the torch above him, Greyback leaned against the wall between her chains, his eyes half closed, tongue licking his thin lips in pleasure. With a growl resonating from deep within his chest, he grabbed a handful of Hermione's unruly hair and pulled her head off him. Her mouth remained open, wet and glistening with spit, yet her dark eyes turned and bore into Draco's, tear-filled and pleading. It only took Greyback a moment to follow her gaze to the foot of the stairs. "Wot the fuck do you want? Can't you see I'm busy?" As if blasted with an ice water hex, Draco came to his senses. He brought his wand up to stupify the werewolf, but he was too slow. It was suddenly wrenched from his hand and clattered across the cavernous cellar. In the span of a heartbeat, Draco dove to the ground for his wand, but again, Fenrir and his werewolf reflexes were faster. It was within a fingertip's reach, yet Draco fell short onto the uneven stone floor. His chin hit it hard and split open when the werewolf landed on top of him. "Isn't this just darling," Greyback purred in his ear. "Here to rescue the damsel, lover boy? Answer me!" Draco panted as his arm was twisted painfully behind him, feeling as if it were about to snap. "Yes," Draco hissed, and the powerful arm gripping his elbow pulled harder until he cried out. Greyback didn't speak for a few moments, just breathed heavily as he lay across Draco's back, and unexpectedly loosened his grip. With a dark chuckle, Greyback dug his wand into Draco's throat. "I think I have a better idea. Imperio !" The dark magic of the curse coursed through him with the power of an unstoppable train engine, and Draco gasped when it struck his mind. He was at once floating away from his body with the vaguest sense that he was in pain. The terror and anxiety that had just filled him seemed so distant and obscure he wasn't sure why he had felt it at all. Hopping to his feet, the werewolf meandered to the wall where Hermione was still on her knees. "Both of you stand up," he ordered. NO! A voice screamed, small and terror-filled, in the back of Draco's mind, but as much as he tried to fight it, his body did as it was commanded, and he stood up from where he lay sprawled on the stone. Hermione's chains rattled as she rose as well. Greyback brought his wand to each of her shackled wrists, releasing her. His smirk became wider as his eyes raked over her disheveled figure. "Take your clothes off. Both of you." Again his body betrayed him as his mind protested, and Draco's hands began pulling off his jumper, unbuttoning his trousers, untying his shoelaces. At the last piece, his hands shook as his thumbs hooked under the waistband of his boxers and pulled them down. His eyes remained on the grey stone of the cellar floor as he heard the rustle of clothing being tossed aside, indicating Granger had finished disrobing as well. "C'mere, Malfoy," the werewolf growled, and he obeyed, his bare feet padding softly to the wall where Granger had been chained. Looking up, he saw Greyback towering over her, one dirty hand rolling her hard, rosy nipple between his fingers. He's going to rape her, was Draco's dull thought, only remotely aware of the panic spreading in the back of his mind and causing his breath to quicken. "You ever been with a woman before? Tell me the truth, boy." His mind fuzzily flipped through memories of fumbling hands in the dark, hurried kisses and smooth, soft skin. Early last summer Pansy had allowed him to take off her shirt, to touch and lick her breasts and weigh them in his hands. That had been the furthest they'd gone in that summer that seemed a lifetime ago. Draco doubted that was what Greyback meant. "No," was his mechanical response. Greyback sneered and continued his assault on Granger's breasts, roughly pulling and tweaking them both now as she stood rigidly still. Without his mind's consent, his body started to react to the scene before him. A flush crept up his pale chest to his cheeks, and his flaccid member began to stir at the sight of Granger's naked body in the dim torchlight. Despite her cut and swollen lip and the word carved into her forearm, she was otherwise unharmed. Outwardly, anyway. It seemed his aunt Bella's torture had been mostly magical; that type of dark magic left invisible scars, he knew. She was thinner than he recalled her ever being, and as he unwillingly feasted upon her form, he couldn't help but feel lust swell within him at the sight of the dark curls between her jutting hips and her firm, full breasts being fondled by the werewolf who now held a nipple between his lips. "When I was yer age, I'd already fucked a dozen girls," Greyback said, and to Draco's mild surprise, he took a step backward, his long finger nails rasping over Granger's flesh before pulling away altogether. "I'm going to do you a kindness, boy. Had planned on takin' her myself," Greyback's face contorted into a cruel smile, "but this is gonna be much more entertaining." With that, the werewolf seized Draco, pulling him closer to the immobile girl. Now he stood facing her, a half-head taller and close enough to feel her hot breath on his collarbone. No, no no…. Draco's mind chanted like a incantation, as if it could stop the way his body was reacting, stop the dark magic suppressing his free will. "Like what you see, then?" And Draco's body froze when the werewolf suddenly gripped his half-hard cock, jerking the foreskin up and down until he was fully erect and poking Granger's stomach. The contact with her soft skin on his sensitive, exposed head was electric, and sent shockwaves of pleasure down to his balls and up his spine, adding to the cloud of euphoria that surrounded his cursed mind. He couldn't look into her eyes. "Stick yer fingers up her cunt; make her good and ready,"Greyback commanded and released his member. To Granger he said, "Open your legs a bit, yeah like that, good girl. Bet yer as slippery as a wet eel already." Draco did as he was told and, lifting his hand, he carded his fingers through the wiry thatch of her mons until they reached her inner folds. As one finger gently delved upward into her core, he was surprised to find that she was wet, and a part of him was bitterly pleased that he wasn't the only one reacting to the attentions on their bodies. A shaky gasp followed by the smallest of moans interrupted him from his task, and Draco glanced down at her in surprise. Their eyes met for the second time since Draco had entered the damnable cellar. Granger's brows were creased, her brown eyes wide-open and haunting in their abject panic. He knew she too was silently screaming, her mind rallying pointlessly against a body that would not obey. She was trapped, muted, terrified. Just like him. He could see himself reflected in those chocolate pools, see his expression frozen in dread. A mirror to hers. "Is she tight?" The taunting voice invaded Draco's thoughts once more. He had added a second finger moments before, and her tight inner walls were barely wide enough to let them in as he pushed them in and out of