Summary: They say that one's misery is another's delight. It is not exception for seven years old Harry and Dursleys, though this time, it is Dursleys' misery that brings a delight to Harry. Once innocent and neglected, Harry is turned into cruel, ruthless, yet loyal criminal member. The world will grovel at their savior's feet, for he won't be satisfied with Voldemort's defeat. Dumbledore really should have thought twice about leaving the child in Dursleys.. Warning: This fanfic WILL contain Dumbledore(not ve bashing, significant amount of gores and disturbing scenes . Please press the backspace and save yourself time if this is not your taste. It will NOT contain a pairing, but may change in future. Warning 2: Minor gore in this chapter. 6PM. Privet Drive no.4 1987 "I'm hungry mommy!" A fat, chubby seven years old shouted. "Oh, our Dudders is hungry? Don't worry. Boy!" A horse-like woman affectionately pinched whale of her son, then suddenly shouted, "are you still not done with the backyard work?! Dudders is hungry!" "I'm sorry, Aunt Petunia," a week, tired voice was heard from the patio. "There were some worms in the flower pots. It took-" "Stop making excuses!" Petunia snapped. "You stay under my roof, you better earn your living! Finish the yard work in five minutes, or you won't get any dinner!" The woman was seething like an enraged bull, and hatefully glared her nephew who let his head hung in dejection. As Petunia slammed the backyard slide door shut, he left to kill the remaining worms in pots. Harry Potter never understood why his relatives hated him so much. Both Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia always found faults in whatever Harry did, and called him a worthless child. The words 'happiness', 'joy', and 'love' were nonexistent in his barren life. His oh-so-lovely relatives delighted in taking anything nice from Harry, and giving them away to their precious son, Dudley. Then, they burdened him with more than ten hours of chores, and taught him that everyone should earn their living. He remembered asking them once why Dudley didn't have to earn his living, and learned a lesson in a very hard way. He ended up being slapped in face so hard that he was knocked down. Vernon was just angrier at that time, but Petunia was screaming out of her lung, telling Harry that their precious Dudders was their son, and he was just a unloveable burden left on their , and he also wasn't given food for three days. Harry would have told them that he didn't choose to be left here, but knowing it would earn him another blow, he just begged for forgiveness. Pushing away an unpleasant thought, Harry wiped out his sweat off his forehead. He stretched his arms, satisfied that all the worms were taken care off. He then patted dust from his dirty pants, and- Clink Harry's glasses fell off, and landed on the last pot he had worked on. He then spotted another worm popping out of the soil, and slither over the glasses. It left a disgusting, sticky path over the glass frames as it crawled. It was crawling so slowly that it looked as if trying to mock Harry's efforts to clean the pots. He just stared at the worm. And blinked. He couldn't comprehend why there were more worms even though he had spent an hour and half to perfectly clean the flower pots. Didn't he do work hard already? He had to skip his lunch and water break. Why did this worm have to make him work even more? Why did this barely sentient worm have to make his life even harder? He could feel frustration building inside him, and change into ugly, hateful anger. No matter what his relatives said to him since he could walk, he just knew that he didn't deserve their spite. He didn't deserve be kicked around in this damned house. He didn't deserve to be lonely and blamed for any mischiefs that Dudley pulled off in his pre-school. He didn't deserve to wear these hands-down clothes that were stained with dirt. He just wanted to hear one single word of affection. Harry gripped his hoe harder. He picked up his glasses and wiped the dirty stains with his even dirtier shirts. He aimed the tip of the hoe right at the worm. It was still crawling, oblivious to its fate. Squash Harry stroke down the hoe on the worm, impaling it right in the middle. The worm wiggled in silent pain, and pathetically attempted to escape over the pot. Harry then stroke again. This time, it hit the middle of half, splattering some of its guts on Harry's hand. He didn't flinch. Stab, Stab, Stab. Harry kept stabbing the severed worm again and again, pulverizing it into an unpleasant, gooey paste. Guts and fleshes of worm splatters on his hoe and hand. Although the worm wasn't quite big, the grotesque remains would have made other kids shriek and run to their mom and dad. Harry, however, had no one to run to. His anger subsided, but only a little. A deep, simmering resentment and hate was already burning in Harry, and it made his inside clench in unpleasantness. But there was a satisfaction. Quickly covering the mess with the pot soil, he stood up and headed to the slide door. Aunt Petunia would sing cacophonously if he was late, and he wanted to avoid such grating noise. He turned his head to see the worm's grave, and a creepy smile crept to his lips. 7:30pm Uncle Vernon was complaining in dinner table. Again. While Harry was cooking fish and chips on the stove, the three Dursleys were sitting on the dinner table. They devoured the food in a blink and engaged in stupid conversations. Vernon paraded himself as a hardworking, impeccable man whom Petunia and Dudley were so proud of, but Harry knew that the title ' junior executive' was not that prideful. Harry knew that some kids from his pre-school had jobs that earned much higher salaries and were held in more esteem. He didn't know how much, but he was sure that it was definitely more than a junior executive from drill company. Then, he would spend his entire dinner time criticizing his co-workers' flaws; two days ago, it had been about his associate, Danny Kane, who had a dirty neck-tie; yesterday, it had been about his receptionist Heather Durant's messy; today, he complained about Mr. Elliot, and claimed that the president was getting senile with his age. As Vernon vehemently put others down, his lovely Petunia and Dudley laugh along, and chime in with their own stories. They occasionally found chances to insult Harry simultaneously. Today's dinner was not particularly different, but somehow it grated on Harry's nerve even more. "I want more bacons! Give me!" "Patience, Dudders. BOY! Where are the bacons!" Vernon bellowed. "They will be ready in two minutes. The fat isn't rendered yet," Harry nonchalantly replied. "But I want it now!" "Oh Dudders, two minute isn't long, is it? It will be ready soon," Petunia tried to appease his son's tantrum. "I WANT IT NOW!" "Just shut up Dudley," Harry whispered at the same time Dudley whined, telling himself that no one could have heard. "WHAT DID YOU SAY, BOY?!" Oh Boy, Harry thought. He had hoped that his purple uncle didn't hear him, but clearly it was the opposite. "Nothing, Uncle Vernon," he turned around from the kitchen and expertly lied through his teeth with innocent eyes. Years of experience with angry Vernon made him seasoned with small lies like this. He didn't even blink when Vernon glared into his eyes. "Don't you lie to me, boy!" Vernon yelled persistently, "I saw your mouth moving! Do you think you are fed and clothed to lie to your uncle and aunt?! Now, what did you say about Dudders?" "I swear, Uncle Vernon. I said nothing. I must have mouthed to count seconds so that I don't burn bacon," Harry replied, still innocently looking into Vernon's eyes Vernon looked at him suspiciously for a second, then went back to the dinner table. Harry's eyes drifted to Vernon's overly fat neck. The neck was getting sweaty as Vernon kept eating so vigorously. Harry wondered how someone could be this..gluttonous. The man ate a full English breakfast in the morning, and when he came back, he literally sucked in fish and chips, bacon, bread, ham, and basically anything that he felt like eating. Harry didn't know how much his uncle ate for lunch, but he was sure it was a lot. Then, he would dig in a pint of ice cream, and eat another dessert before going to bed. Exercise was never in his dictionary. Harry then remembered the worm that he so brutally chopped and pulverized, and glanced down at the kitchen knife. He gripped the knife harder like he had with the hoe, and looked back his uncle's neck. He imagined the man's fatty, wrinkled neck like a giant section of worm with human skin. Harry had been bruised and punched before, and occasionally cut himself with kitchen knife while cooking. He remembered that a shallow cut was sharply painful, but he never thought of cutting someone else with a knife. And Vernon always treated him like, or maybe, less than a worm. If he stabbed his uncle's neck now, would he become a worm in Harry's place? Would his fat, ugly, creased neck spill out fleshes like that worm did? Or perhaps the blood will ooze out, then stain his kitchen knife and his hands? Would he stop yelling at him all the time? "Hey, freak!" an annoying, whiny voice woke Harry from his pondering, "are bacons ready?" Harry quickly turned around to see the bacons were so close to burning, and hurriedly took them off the searing hot pans. The bacons ended up being tad bit too crisp for Dudley's taste, but Harry catered them to the table anyway. "It's too dry!" Dudley whined, "make them again!" "You already ate all the bacons," Harry replied, repressing a sigh. Did the fatty's hunger ever get sated? "There aren't any left." "Don't talk back, you uncouth brat!" Petunia snapped, "give your bacons to Dudley." "Then... what am I going to eat?" Harry paled a bit, dreading to be starved after today's labors. "You should have cooked the bacons properly, boy. It's your fault," Vernon sneered at Harry's direction, positively beaming at the fact that Harry was going to suffer from hunger again . Harry didn't say anything in return. His face, completely blank, blinked a few times, and turned around to look at his plate of bacons that he had reserved earlier. The bacons were cold now, but the pan was still searing hot. "Okay then," Harry sighed, "I will need to reheat the bacons. Hold on, Dudley . " He put the bacons back to the pan, and stirred around so that the strips could pick up heat faster. His fingers absently tapped on the counter, waiting for the meat strips to be warm. "Stop with that annoying sound, boy," Petunia slammed his fork on the table, clearly irritated by the drumming sound. Harry stopped right away. He just stared at the bacons, slowly melting its grease on the pan. If he touched the pan right now, he would burn his finger and his skin would swell. That would hurt quite a lot, wouldn't it? It would hurt even more if your face were on the pan, Harry thought. Then what would happen? Harry picked up pan, and headed to the table once again to put bacons on Dudley's saw an ugly, mocking expression from his fat cousin's face, but responded with utter silence. Years of Dursley's favoritism for Dudley taught Harry to not raise voice to Dudley, and he wasn't about to do it now. He really wished to be taken away from here. Anywhere would