A?N: I've gone back and edited the first few chapters. Mainly for spelling and punctuation and have fixed some glaring inconsistencies and added a bit where it was needed. I would like to thank Canimal for the use of Waldens Ravens in this story. Disclaimer; I own nothing and make no money 'Come Join the Murder' The White Buffalo "There's a black bird perched outside my window I hear him calling I hear him sing He burns me with his eyes of gold to embers He sees all my sins He reads my soul" Field Master By; Purebloodpony When hounds hunt anything besides intended quarry, it is called a riot; the rate used is "Ware riot". Chapter one Ware Riot February 1965 It had started out he supposes innocent enough. A gentleman's sport that is, hunting. One of his fondest memories with his father was when they were riding to the hounds, trailing behind the large black warmblood on his little white hunt pony. Lucius had crept downstairs the night before. Quietly making his way down the long dark hallway, careful not to wake the portraits. He could hear his parents voices down in the study, and hid behind the door to spy on their argument. His mother had insisted he stay home saying, "He is just a boy, are you listening to me Abraxas, I will not have him involved in this! This new friend of yours should not be dictating how we raise our son! Just who does he think he is? Who is he to decide what my son is mature enough to handle?" Silence followed, he thought his father may concede and tell him he had to stay home. His mother's voice trembled. And Lucius peered through the crack in the door, he could see the tears starting to form in her eyes. He scowled thinking that would be it, his mother's tears would seal his fate and doom him to staying back at the Manor. It wasn't fair he was almost eleven and would be off to Hogwarts in the fall. Lucius loved his mother, but he was tired of her treating like a child. This was not his first hunt and he was an accomplished horseman. Why was she so worried? He had hunted that forest before and was familiar with the terrain. Abraxas would have none of it, "Nonsense Emmeline, he's a young man and you will start treating him as such. Stop your coddling women, Lucius is going on this hunt and will be with me in the First Field so you have nothing to fret over." glancing back at his wife he added 'I'll make sure the boy has his wand." A gasp escaped from Lucius he quickly placed a hand over his mouth, pride swelled in his chest. Not only was he going but he would ride in the front with his father. Abraxas poured himself a drink and scooped his wife against his chest with one arm and kissed a tight-lipped Emmeline, "Now Emmy if the boy dies, we can always make another.' Abraxas waggled his eyebrows at her. Emmeline relaxed, giggled and blushed and then slapped her husband playfully on the arm. Then wrapping both arms around his neck she returned the kiss. Abraxas set the drink down and buried his hands in her long dark curls. Lucius rolled his eyes, he couldn't look, gross he thought, he was never kissing anyone. Pulling away from the tall frame of her husband. Emmeline Malfoy, her green eyes sparked and she growled a warning, "I know there's more than two this time... If you kill my only son, Abraxas I'll set the Fates upon you!" His mother's voice echoed in the large study and brought his eyes back on the room. He just caught the movement of her spinning on her heel and making for the door, blue robes a flurry. Abraxas grinned at the back of his fiery wife. He loved pushing her just to the edge. "I'm not going to kill OUR son Emmeline!" muttering under his breath 'Knowing the purgatory you would have me endure if I did, I would join him in death.' His mother hesitated, looked back and sent a blistering glare at his father. Lucius scrambled back up the stairs not wanting to be caught out of bed. He would lie awake for hours, excited over the prospect of being in the front with his father. A nagging thought as to why his mother was so worried still in the back of his mind. Maybe it was the faster pace of the first field he thought. This was the first time he was allowed that privilege. He wondered if his friends were joining him? Rodolphus was already allowed, but then he was two years older. He and his friends normally rode in the second group the Hilltoppers. The pace was not as fast and the danger not as great. His father was allowing him his wand, this caused most of the anxiety. Lucius thought he would never fall asleep. This was worse than waiting for Christmas morning. . His house elf Dobby woke him while the sky was still dark, freshly shined boots in hand. Lucius dressed quickly and raced down the stairs barely able to contain his excitement. At the foot of the stairs Lucius stopped he knew he needed to pull himself together or he would him give himself away. The last thing he wanted was for his father to find out he had been eavesdropping. He paused in front of the mirror that stood in the hallway and adjusted his stock tie and surveyed his reflection, adjusting his posture. He hid the excited little boy behind the mask of the Pure-Blooded Aristocrat. Cold grey eyes now stared back at him, his long blonde hair tied neatly back, black hunt coat spotlighting the diamond studded M tie tack and cream breeches. Lucius feeling his facade was clearly in place, he squared his shoulders and made for the dining room. The tall black boots clicking sharply on the marble floors. He paused once more before opening the large ornate doors to the family dining room. Took a deep breath and greeted his father, "Good morning Father." Abraxas sat drinking coffee at the head of the table, reading the Quibbler. "Good morning Lucius, I hope you slept well." Lucius poured some tea for himself and grabbed a scone, "Where's Mum? " Abraxas looked up from his paper, "Your mother is pouting, she doesn't want me to take you hunting." Lucius paled, he felt his heart stop, there was no way his mother would forbid him from the hunt today. "She's under the impression that you're too young for the activities that are taking place... I however think that you are old enough to learn such things. So not to worry, you are going... I am sure I will pay for it one way or another, but you are going. Let's finish up and get out of here before she does show up." Abraxas grinned at his son and poured himself another cup of coffee. Emmeline watched from small window of the master bedroom. Knowing her son's innocence would soon be extinguished. Father and son stepped out into cold dawn, and tears rolled down her cheeks. Abraxas had spared Lucius from the end game of the past Hunts. She knew there would be no stopping the progression. The stars shone brightly above the blanket of fog clinging to the ground. he followed his father down to the stables. With the flick of his wand Abraxas illuminated the aisle ways of the barn. Soft whinnies and nickering of the horses met them, they both paused in the doorway and inhaled deeply. Lucius loved the stables, the smell of fresh straw the leather and best of all horses. Wally nickered as the lights came on and Lucius ducked inside his stall to slip the halter on. Wally was a snow-white Welsh Cob and the best pony as far as he was concerned. The pony nuzzled his young master as Lucius offered him sugar cubes he had nicked from the kitchens. He took Wally into the cobblestone aisle and placed him the cross-ties. Grooming his pony and tacking him up. This was his responsibility not the elves. Father had always insisted that a true Horseman know how to care for his mount and had enrolled him in Wizard Pony Club. All his friends were in Pony Club. Backing a horse and playing Quidditch were two of the most important things a young pureblood male needed to learn at least as far as Lucius was concerned. He knew his mother had her own opinions. He gave Wally a once over with a cloth, carefully saddling, then putting his bridle on. He led his pony to the block and mounted up. Lucius had spent three hours the night before just braiding Wally's mane and cleaning his tack. Abraxas had done the same with his horse. It was their tradition as always, the night before the hunt. His father would help him with the spell to clip his ponies winter coat so no lines would show and how to make the tiny neat braids into buttons. It was time that was just for him, there were no house elves rushing about. Just him and his father and the horses. Dawn was breaking on the horizon as they started down the lane to the apparition point. the low fog still hugging the ground in places and breath could be seen from both men and horses. Wally had to jog to keep up with Maximilian, his father's intensely black and exceedingly large Dutch Warmblood. Max was a gift from Lord Nott. At the top of the hill Abraxas pulled out the portkey, a small horseshoe, and held out one end for Lucius. As his fingers touched the iron shoe he felt the pull and was instantly popped into a clearing in the Wyre Forest. Portkey was always easiest on the horses, unless one was highly skilled at apparition and Lucius was still too young. Abraxas started down the little dirt road that would lead to the rest of the group "Lucius there are a few things I want to talk about before we get to the site" he slowed Max down so that Wally could walk, "I want you to ride with the First Flight today, you need to stay behind me at all times is that clear ?" "Yes Father" "I want your wand in its holster but where you can reach it easily, and yes all of your friends will be with you." You are to pay attention at the briefing and I want you boys to stick together is that clear? There are six in total that we're hunting today... the wards are up around the woods so they can't escape once they're in." "Yes Father" "Do you remember how to send up a signal?" "Yes Father." "If by some chance, you get separated from the pack you are to stop and send up that signal." "Yes Sir." "Lucius if you are separated ... show no mercy. Our quarry will show you none." The look on his father's face and the tone of his voice sent a chill down Lucius back "Now go gather up your friends and come join the main group for the briefing." With that his father turned Max toward the small group of men in red. Lucius went to look for his friends. His father was the Field Master of the Hunt, his word was law. Lucius knew his father had bestowed a great honor on him that day. This was no ordinary hunt. Their quarry today was numerous and unconventionally dangerous. Never had he been allowed his wand on a hunt and never had there been such dire warnings. He found Rabastan first, mounted on his dark bay Welsh Cob, Renni, with his neatly plaited