This is the edited version of my IGHG story. Its a seventeen year old girl from District 9. It is based on the first annual hunger games. Suggests, reviews. This is my first fanfic, and it holds a unique view of the so called "Dark Days," and after. Please enjoy. Chapter 1: The Reaping When I wake up I expect to feel a radiating heat on my right side with the scent of gunpowder mixed with his sweet odor of earth and sun. But as I inhale there is no such scent and my right side is cold. In these few moments when I drift between conscious and unconscious I fool myself into believing that maybe this time when I open my eyes he'll be here, sleeping right beside me. But as I become aware, I hear heavy and unique rhythmic breathing of my mother in the room. She slept in. There is no work today because its the first time in years that we'll have a holiday. It's "Reaping Day." Groaning inwardly, I prop myself up to see my twin, Marnie, in the bed beside mine, sleeping on the edge with my older sister, Rara, snuggling into her backside. What can I say? Rara loves to cuddle but unfortunately, Marnie does not. Asleep, they both seem less worn down, and more like their former selves before...well everything. Sitting up now, I put on my trousers, a clean shirt, a flannel, and lean over to tie my boots. Standard work wear in 9. Well pretty much, everyday wear in 9. Standing to leave, I catch a glimpse of my mother, sleeping on my parent's bed, alone. No surprise. My father usually avoids home as much as possible now. Too many memories for him. Too painful. As I step out onto the front porch I catch a waft of tobacco and turn to see him. My father. "Happy Hunger Games." Comes out of his raspy voice. "Yep." Silence. But to be fair, what else is there to say? When the peace keepers showed up in our district we both learned quickly to hold our tongues or lose them. For a while, we just stand there. But this kind of communication is normal between us. I hear my father was quite handsome in his youth. I also heard he was quite the troublemaker too. Hard to believe now that he looks as worn and leathery as the boots on his feet. "If your brother was here-" "Well he isn't, dad." Dead silence. I study his expression as he ponders for a comeback, to launch a final blow at me. But no. All that comes out is- "Fuck'em. Fuck'em all." Our part of district 9 is usually full of men, women, and children walking to their morning shifts at this hour. Hard working people with rednecks and beaten backs walk down to the fields with their rusted tools. But today the fields are empty. The reaping isn't until two. So why not sleep if you can, right? It's only been a year since the civil war between the districts have ended. We haven't rebuilt the school yet so the children are put in charge with the restoration of what is left of the town. Some are sent to build the electric fence around our district. We usually distribute the jobs evenly but we all specialize in at least one certain area. As for me, I'm usually sent for the reaping and loading of our grain harvest. To be honest, when the peacekeepers aren't here, the fields are the place that I love. I can spend hours here just watching the grain ripple in the golden waves by the breeze. Despite the peace here, no one usually likes to come here. There's just too many bad experiences here, buried in the soil. Under the soil lies a mass grave of our people during the darks days, and now we water the harvest with water and sometimes if one person is too slow, the peacekeepers water the soil with lashes of our blood. We all have been lashed a few times. Nobody is perfect. But despite all of that, I can't help but love it here. I don't remember much about the darks days, or more likely I just don't want to remember. All I want to remember was that back then I had to run, had to hide, had to stay alive, and one particular day. When the skies turned to ask and the ground shook for hours, leaving our district in flames, and finally a beautiful blood red sky with a glistening sunset. I like to believe that it was the world's way of telling us the war was over. That life was over. But no. Life was just beginning and the beauty of that sunset was just a chemical reaction from the Capitol's air raid bombs as a sign that we must surrender. That we must submit to the Capitol's will. And so we did, and now I'm not sure if we are better off dead or alive. "You could do it, you know?" I don't turn to that voice. "End it all. Forget work, our family, the war, the reaping. Everything." I can almost sense him sitting next to me. But I don't look. I want nothing to ruin this moment with him. Not even my own eyes. A light breeze hits my face and I can almost smell his scent mixed in with the harvest. "Just let it all go." I want to turn around. I want to hold him. I want to tell him that I miss waking up beside him in the bed we shared growing up. But no. This is my reward. This is what I deserve. My responsibility. My fault. I'm to blame. "Come with me. We can go far away from here, right now. I miss you so much that it hurts. I can barely breathe. Is it possible to love someone that causes so much pain? I hate this. I hate how you made me feel. I hate how you make me feel now. I hate you. "Remember, Nate? It's a sin to kill a mockingbird." That's when I feel it. A warmth fluttering on my hands. I snap my head towards it. It's him! It's not a dream! "JOHN!" I see a 7 year old girl in the fields chasing fireflies thru the summer nights. Us playing soldiers outside my house while the grown ups whispers being heard if we strained our ears to closed doors. Her hazel eyes with light brown eyelashes showing signs of laughter. I see a 14 year old girl, trembling beneath the rubble. The quakes of the soil and the screams of people never ending. We don't play anymore. She tries to fill her sunken cheeks with stolen rations in the fields where the grown ups sleep in strange piles with an odd stench about them. Her hazel eyes watching me behind a peacekeeper. The foreign smell of plastic that fills my nose and-! "Hey...HEY! LOOK AT ME! NATE LOOK AT ME! YOU'RE ALRIGHT! YOu're….safe." I feel a warmth cupping around my cheeks. A calm pair of hazel eyes staring back at me. A 16 year old with pale skin and long brown lashes. The sun beating down on us in the fields where we grew up. Where we both now slave our days to no end. I hear my uneven breath and feel a sharp pain in my chest subsiding. "Atta?" "Sorry Nate, it looked like you we're having a bad dream." She sits next to me on the soil and pats her hand on her lap. I ignore her. "I thought you stopped having those." "I thought so too." But apparently not. She pats her lap again. This time I just look at her. Sighing she reaches for my shoulder and pulls me down into her lap. I protest. Start raising my mid half back up but she tucks her hands into my chest and holds me up against her. It's hard for me to hold myself in this position. I can feel my muscles shaking as I strain my back and legs to lift myself up but I can't break her grip and my body just begins to sink into her, like a rock would in water. I listen to the steady pace of her beating heart and subconsciously, try to match mine to her own. I feel her grip soften as she guides my head to rest on her thigh. I shudder a little when I feel her cool fingers stroke the little pricks of hair behind my ear. It's almost an involuntary reaction for me to relax to this touch and she knows it. I feel her weight shift and a pair of lips on my forehead. And then her nudging her forehead gently on mine. Her brown hair serving as a curtain around our faces as I stare at her hazel eyes. "Nate, I know that you know, somewhere in the back of your head what happened that day. I think it's time we talked about this. We need to talk about this." I pause for a minute, taking in the color of her eyes. Hazel. Like mine. A trademark of our district. I take a deep breath as I roll off of her on to my side, not facing her. This is pathetic. We both went thru the war together, so why can't I handle it better? Why can't I remember? It use to be me holding her like this, refusing to let go. I was the one who comforted her. I was the one. I was separated from my family when the bombs first started to drop. So was Atta. And I found her one day when I was sifting thru the rubble, looking for something to eat or sell, but instead I found her. And we looked after one another and she slowly became my responsibility. "Are you even listening to me? It wasn't your fault." My responsibility. My fault. I'm to blame. "We need to talk about this so you can move on. This is our life now. You need-" That's when I turn to her and I ask, "Atta, when did you start talking like a grown up?" She just stares down at me for a little while then gives me a weak smile giving up on the lecture she had on me completely. "Well I guess you've inspired it in me. One of us had to." "If I recall correctly, I was the one who hold you whenever the bakers use to hit you when they caught you stealing from their cart." I watch as her eyes light up as she grins sheepishly at me. "Which reminds me," she says as she reaches into her coat pocket. She splits it in half and hands me a bit of a Danish pastry. "Happy Hunger Games, and welcome the first of many games to come." she exclaims. "You didn't?" "I did. I stole off the baker man's cart when he wasn't looking. I kinda think he let me, because of today…" The reaping...I almost forgot about it. I'm not sure about the other districts but food is hard to come by here, treats even harder. Only government officials can really afford it. Even though we harvest Panem's grain doesn't mean we usually see a lick of it back. We are given rations for each household but if you starve that's your business. Many of us have to go to the fields at night to steal a little grain in its storage unit for food the next morning. Atta and I have played our hands in this game many times. My brother use to do it, he showed Rara how to do it. She got caught on her first night and whipped the next morning. She swore she'd never do it again. So John taught me. Now both Atta