" I want you to know something, before- well, just before." " Is something wrong?" " No, I... no. I don't know how to tell you." For the record, Madge hates that she has money. Money has never given her anything worth remembering. In fact, all money really does is take things away. Her father works all the time. Madge is not being over dramatic about it; he really works all the time. She has barely ever spent time with her dad, and what little time she used to have with him when she was younger, well, it mostly involved sitting quietly in his office while he made phone calls. Everything was always more important to him than she ever was. Money took away her chance to ever be like anyone else. Madge liked to think she was a nice person. It couldn't be her personality that made both the town and Seam kids treat her like a virus. They don't like her because she was different... different because of money. Money can't help her mom. Okay, well, that isn't entirely true. If there's anything money's good for, it's that. Morphling does not come cheap. Madge isn't totally ungrateful, but it's moods like the one she's in now that really make her forget the 'good' things in life. " Just blurt it out, Undersee, I'm sure I'll manage fine." " I'm sure you will. It's me that's the problem. Madge doesn't mean to wear nicer clothes than everyone else in the District, but she can't just waste what her parents buy her either. She doesn't mean to seem like a snob, but everyone thinks of her as one anyway. Especially Gale Hawthorne. The happiness Madge feels for Katniss and Peeta's return from the Hunger Games comes with a flipside. Her house is crawling multi-colored Capitol citizens. As mayor of District 12, Madge's father is obligated to room whatever high class whack-job that decides to stalk the new Victors. If this year's Victors weren't her best, well, only, friends, she'd be giving them her most hostile attitude right now. As it is, they are, so she bares the insults about her clothes, hair, home, and food, with aplomb, and get's the hell out of the house as fast as she can. Most days she heads out around 11:00 in the morning and returns at 8:00 in the evening. 9:00 if she's feeling particularly daring. Her father, though hardly ever around, has their maid, Anna, tell him what time she gets in at night. It actually kind of pisses Madge off. Today Gareth, Virula, and Pernia, (blue, purple, and yellow, all with elaborate tattoos and hairstyles) are in rare form. They eat all the food Anna makes for breakfast, leave their mess, and proceed to pester Madge about the boring state of her hair and skin. "Blonde simply isn't in anymore, Madgey!" exclaims Pernia in a drawling accent that makes Madge want to bang her head against the nearest wall. "Let me give you an orange! I think you'll look lovely with orange!" Madge fakes a smile and declines. Scratch the irritating accent, it's the constant need to say everything with an exclamation point at the end that makes hard-wood walls so much more enticing. It takes some pretty creative excuses, but Madge is out of the house by 10:00, ready to take a stroll through and enjoy what's left of her morning. Madge ambles slowly down the road leading into the Square, her mood much lighter now that she's a good distance from her house. It's somewhat quiet this early on a Sunday, the shops in town aren't open yet, but Madge can see the lights are on in the Mellark bakery as she walks passed. Madge stops walking as she reaches the intersection between the Seam and the Victors' Village. She's never actually been in the Seam before. She and Katniss weren't the 'visiting each others' houses' type of friends. On one hand, Madge is dreadfully curious, on the other, she knows she'll stick out like a sore thumb. Madge also gets the feeling the she wouldn't be at all welcome. With a sigh of defeat, she drags herself down the path to Katniss' new home, figuring she can ask Katniss and Prim if they want to join her pointless ramble. Madge hates that she can't be like everyone else. She isn't even a normal 'townie' for Pete's sake! Not that anyone from town would venture into the Seam. Madge imagines they wouldn't be as rejected as she would be though. Peeta's is first in the row of houses, Haymitch's is in the middle, and Katniss' just after, as Madge strolls by, she wonders how Peeta is handling being away from his family. Alone in a big house like that after all the horrible things he'd seen in the Games? Madge doubts he's doing all that well. She wants to ask him to accompany her as well, but she knows there's some sort of weird tension going on between him and Katniss. It wouldn't be right for her to put either of them in an uncomfortable position. Madge knocks three times and waits for someone to answer the door, she can hear voices talking inside from her station on the porch and hopes she isn't interrupting anything. The door swings inwards, and Prim's head pops out around it. "Madge! What are you doing here?" Prim pulls the door open the rest of the way to let Madge over the threshold. "Is something wrong? Do they want Katniss?" Prim looks a mixture between pleased and anxious. She must think Madge is here to fetch Katniss for an interview or something. "No, I just came to see if you guys-" Madge stops talking at once when she sees who's entering the hallway on the opposite side. Gale Hawthorne is not one of her favorite people in District 12. In fact, she can count her favorite people on one hand, and he doesn't make it anywhere near that list even if she used her other hand and all her toes. Katniss is walking with him, obviously leading him to the door. Cripes, it's barely past 10:00 in the morning, what is he doing here already? Gale stops walking when he sees her, his lips thinning and his eyes narrowing. Madge responds in kind. The Everdeens aren't his , and if he wants to act like a territorial... animal , well, Madge isn't just going to lie down and take it. She has principals. "Madge, hi," says Katniss, coming nearer. They exchange a short hug and tight smiles. "I came to see if you and Prim wanted to go for a walk," Madge says, hoping her voice doesn't sound as stiff and prissy as she thinks it does. Stupid Gale and his stupid judging words. He makes her feel like her skin is too tight and constricting. She hates that he can make her so uncomfortable. "Um, actually, Gale and I were going to go hunting so..." Katniss trails off, biting her lip and fidgeting with the end of her braid. Madge wills herself not to look at Gale's smarmy expression because she knows, she knows it's there. "I'd like to go for a walk, Madge, there's nothing to do around here anyway," Prim pipes up, pulling on Madge's arm, "Let's see if Peeta wants to come! He says his house is too big and too boring." Prim pulls her right back out the door, prattling on about her goat, her cat, and, surprisingly, Rory Hawthorne. "He watches Lady for me when I can't get to the Seam to watch her myself," she tells Madge as they mount the steps to Peeta's porch. "And he comes over sometimes, when Katniss is busy with Peeta or Gale. Rory's really nice. He just pretends he isn't in front of other people." Madge nods in understanding as she knocks on Peeta's door, listening to Prim's chatter idly. "Hang on!" Peeta's voice calls through the door. Madge can hear him shuffling down the staircase. "Okay!" Prim calls back, smiling happily at Madge. "I like Peeta, he's really nice. Sometimes he let's me come over while he's baking." Peeta pulls the door open and motions for them to come inside. "Hey Madge, nice to see you." The whole house smells of freshly baked goods, but the scent only gets stronger as he usher them into the kitchen. Prim sighs audibly as they enter, and Madge has to suppress one herself. The counters are covered in different types of breads and pastries. Madge turns to stare wide eyed at Peeta, who is blushing and scratching the back of his neck. "Hungry?" he asks weakly. "Peeta..." Madge starts, but Peeta looks pointedly at Prim mouthing, 'later'. Madge leans against the counter, watching Peeta sit Prim at the table with a cup of milk and danishes. He looks tired. There are dark smudges beneath his eyes, and he is favoring his Capitol provided leg more than he usually does. "How's Katniss doing, Prim?" Peeta asks, sitting down beside her with his elbow on the table, his head resting on his hand. Prim takes a second to finish chewing, wrinkling her nose at Peeta as he waits. "She's tired a lot," she says after she's swallowed. "Sometimes I can hear her having nightmares." Madge watches as Peeta's expression turned grim, he probably has the same problem, she thinks. "She'll get better, Prim." Peeta assures her, "She just needs a little time." Prim nods solemnly and keeps on eating. Peeta looks up at Madge, his face pinched and weary, "So, not that I mind, but what are you two doing here so early?" "We came to see if you wanted to join us for a walk." Madge pipes up. "If you aren't too busy." Prim adds, smiling sweetly. Peeta laughs, "I'm never too busy for you, Primrose." Before long all three of them are walking the dusty road back into town. Prim stands on Peeta's right, her arm looped through his, Madge on his left, trying to appear nonchalant as she scrutinizes him. He notices though, and squeezes her shoulder. "I think we should go to the Meadow," Prim says happily, "It's really pretty round this time, and we can check on Lady on the walk home!" She sounds so bright and cheery that Madge can't say no, even though she knows they'll probably run into Gale and Katniss coming out of the woods if they stay long enough. Peeta jiggles Prim's arm, "Whatever you say, Ms. Everdeen." He raises his eyebrows at Madge and gives her the first genuine smile he's mustered so far. Maybe going to the Meadow isn't such a bad idea after all. Madge watches her feet as they wander through town, she wonders how long she can avoid going home, and how much time she'll have to spend outside of her room when she gets there. District 12 has never had a Victor in her lifetime before, and the camera crews packed into her house need to go. Before she explodes. "-right, Madge?" Madge looks up from her feet in time to see Peeta tilting his head, looking at her inquisitively. "You okay?" he asks, nudging her shoulder. Madge grimaces, "Yeah. Just...thinking." "About what?" asks Prim, peeking around Peeta to get a look at her. "Don't be so nosy, Prim," Peeta chides gently. Madge waves him off, "It's fine. I'm thinking about running away from home." Their shocked reactions are enough to make her laugh and push away her moodiness. "I'm kidding. I just don't really like being at home right now, it's a little... crowded." She exchanges a meaningful look with Peeta who frowns sympathetically. By the time they reach the meadow the sun is high and shining. It isn't too hot yet, but Madge knows that will change in a few hours. Madge plops down beneath a tree the second she reaches it, lying on her back