Disclaimer any of the things that you think I may have copied or taken inspiration from belong to their original sources, publishers, authors, religions etc. so don't moan at me if you see something you recognise in this story I probably saw it and took inspiration from it. What = spells, §Where§ Parseltongue Why = flashback [] = Authors Note Nephilim chapter 1: What I go to school For All stories always have three things an end, middle and beginning and in the case of this story it begins on platform nine and ¾. There is an atmosphere of excitement as it is time to once again return to Hogwarts a school of magic, mystery and adventure. However there are two people travelling through the train who don't have excitement on their mind. The first of the duo was easily recognisable by his family traits of fiery red hair and a freckled complexion as well as blue eyes and a long nose. The second of the duo possessed rather noticeable bushy brown hair, brown eyes as well as rather large front teeth. This due were Ron Weasely and Hermione granger two parts of what some had called the golden trio a group of now 3rd year Gryffindors who were currently looking for the final member of the trio. Suddenly Hermione grabbed her male counterpart and began to drag him "I think I just saw harry" she stated as she dragged him through the train. Until finally they reached a cabin that they opened the door to and found there friend reading a book easily identifiable due to his untidy black hair, his mother's bright green eyes, and a lightning bolt-shaped scar on his forehead and a new addition of a necklace. He turned to face them with a smile "oh hey guys what's up" to which both responded "good harry how have you been" and "meh I've been ok". After that the trio began to discuss events such as Ron's family's recent trip to Egypt, to Hermione's new cat crookshanks and how it seemed to hate scabbers. However eventually the conversation reached a currant topic many had been discussing "did you hear about Sirius Black escaping Azkaban". This turned into a discussion about the event such as the fact that the wall of Black's cell had exploded but it wasn't magical in nature, the strange sound prisoners had heard prior to the explosion and how he had apparently gone to ground. This took up most of the conversation until there was a chilling feeling throughout the train as liquid in drinks and condensation began to freeze until suddenly a hooded figure came passing down the passageway visible through the windows in the cabin doors. It opened the door and entered into the room floating tall as it began to face harry, however harry simply yawned at this and pointed his wand at the creature "you're annoying and I don't want you here anymore expecto patronum" . And to the shock of Ron and Hermione a pure white stag burst out of Harry's wand slamming into the dementor forcing it out of the cabin into the passageway and out of sight. After Ron and Hermione had recovered they stared at harry in shock and he just looked at them "what… is there something on my face?". After which Hermione learned forwards at Harry and started firing off questions "what was that? , what does it do?, how did you learn it?, can I learn it?". Harry in response started to shuffle back in his seat "in order of questions asked 1) a patronus 2) fights off dementors 3) I read it in a book just think of a happy memory and cast expecto patronum and 4) you should be able to do it". This continued for the rest of the trip until they finally arrived at the hogsmeade, where collected there materials and disembarked from the train. "Potter" a voice familiar to the trio made itself known, they turned to see Draco Malfoy and his loyal henchmen Crabbe and Goyle. "I hear a dementor went for you potter" he smirked "did you cry" he asked mockingly in his usual bravado. However unlike normal Harry simply smiled and walked up to Malfoy "hey Malfoy, guess what?", and before Malfoy could respond Harry's right foot shot forwards connecting with Malfoys crotch. As Malfoy fell to the ground in a fetal position (and possibly crying it was hard to tell) Harry smirked "that's what you spoilt brat" before heading back with his shocked friends to the thestral carriages. However halfway Harry turned around "oh and I heard there was a big fire at your mansion, I believe that's what's known as Karma" before getting on the carriages which then set off. Later that night after the feast and announcements and everyone had retired to bed for the evening harry got out of bed. After quickly donning his cloak harry pulled out another artifact he had recently obtained from the twins (not that they knew that) and activated it the marauders map providing a full map. Stunning Scabbers on the way out harry traversed the halls avoiding filch and Norris until he reached his target, checking to map to check for Dumbledore and finding him at the kitchens Harry approached the gargoyle. "Sherbet Lemon" and the passage to the headmaster's office cleared. Passing through the office while removing the cloak harry made no sounds until he encountered the thing he was looking for. A glass cabinet containing a sword made of pure silver with a hilt with egg-sized rubies embedded in the hilt. After waving his wand while his face took an inquisitive look before smiling and opening the cabinet removing the sword and putting the hilt between his legs before pulling out from under the cloak a red satchel with a yellow star. Harry put his arm into the clearly magically enhanced bag up to his shoulder before bringing it back out revealing a replica of the sword which he quickly placed into the cabinet. Harry smirked while holding the sword up "well I've got the weaponised Deus ex Machina, this is going to get a lot easier". Then removing from the satchel some form of cloth that he wrapped round the sword before putting it in the satchel "well better go do what I came here to do" Harry. Exiting the office Harry started to head out once again using the marauders map moving through the castle until he reached the left corridor on the seventh floor. Near the tapestry of Barnabus the barmy a clearly mentally damaged individual who had an odd fascination with trolls (then again he was a wizard and probably lacked the common sense to avoid such creatures). He paced in front of the wall opposite saying out load "I want to get inside" as he walked, until finally on the third pass a majestic looking door appeared. [I'm serious re-watch order of the phoenix that door is seriously detailed by hand that would take years] . Entering into the vast room full of junk people had abandoned due to either laziness or being involved in something illegal which were more than likely associated with all the blood stained weapons harry looked around. "Oh noooooo the rooms full of junk whatever will I do" he states sarcastically before reaching into the satchel and pulling out what people in the future would know as an iPhone before tapping a certain app which revealed what appeared to be a compass however instead of one of the points being red it was green. And so Harry traversed the room he travelled in the direction the green arrow pointed until finally he encountered his target. It resembled an old discolored tiara with a bird shape on the top pointed left with and a blue sapphire shaped like an oval in the center. Harry reached into the satchel and withdrew the sword quickly removing the cloth and grinning. "This never gets old" raising the sword in the air above the tiara "see you around tommy's soul jar" and the sword comes slashing down. There is a clang and a wail and Harry picked up the remains of the diadem. "Such a shame, but I guess all of you artifacts can be saved" he claimed grabbing the string around his neck and pulling up revealing a gold ring inset with a black stone containing the peverall (supposed)coat of arms of a triangle, circle and line with a crack going right down the middle. "Meh" putting the necklace back "ok just got to go to the chamber to pick up a fang to send to Anubis so I can deal with this and get back home" Harry claimed standing back up. Turning to one of the walls in this maze of junk "yeah I'm not looking for the exit bombarda maxima" and with a massive explosion the way was clear for harry as he continued to travel through the maze blowing holes to clear the path until he reached the door. Donning the cloak once again and activating the map harry set off out the door into the halls once again. Harry continued throughout the castle until he reached the door of moaning myrtle's bathroom in which he entered the previous murder scene. Harry checked the room for any (living) people and when he found none he walked up to a certain sink with a snake engraved on a tap. Harry looked at the snake engraved tap "ok let's do this §open up you dumb entrance§ ", and with that the entrance to this chamber of prejudice and hatred opened, harry looked down at the depths of the entrance before reaching into the satchel and removing a pair of mirrored ski goggles and leaping down. After reaching a bumpy and painful landing harry stood back up and travelled through the chamber towards his target. Soon after he entered into the main section of the chamber where the clearly decomposing remains of Slytherin's monster the basilisk, harry walked up to the skull of the creature where its sole remaining fang was still attached. Harry removed the sword of Gryffindor before facing the creature "sorry snake, I doubt you wanted to follow tom's or Slytherin's crazy plans but I need your fang" and with a slash the fang was removed which harry placed inside a container which resembled a Viking drinking horn with a lid. Harry then pulled out package paper and wrapped up the container before placing everything back in the satchel and removing his nimbus 2000 and flying back out of the chamber. After exiting back into the bathroom Harry placed his broom back in the satchel, donning his cloak and reactivating the map, heading off towards the owlery. Upon finally entering the owlery Harry immediately headed to Hedwig who flew to him landing on the windowsill next to him. "Ok girl" He states attaching the package to her "fly this to Anubis for me would you" to which she hoots and harry knows that's a yes before she takes flight headed towards Harry's contact Anubis. Harry smiled as Hedwig flew away "now that Anubis will be getting this it should make this a bit easier for me to finish this job and escape this world that common sense forgot". With that done Harry donned the cloak once more and headed back towards the Gryffindor common room to head back to bed. However as he approached the fat lady he heard a voice "heading back to bed harry? My you have been busy tonight". Harry froze mid step before spinning on the heel of his foot in the direction of the voice to reveal Dumbledore, harry forced a smile "heeeey Professor, how are things". Dumbledore smiled "they are well, may I ask harry why you are out of bed exploring the castle on the first night of school" to which he smirked "usually you only do