For Bex. The first thing that you hear when you wake up is the sounds of sirens. A loud female voice repeats, "Life support critical." You take a step out of the capsule you're in and take a moment to take a catalog of you body. Both arms, both legs, ears, eyes, nose, hair; everything's there. The next thing you do is try to remember what you were doing prior to waking up. You frown when absolutely nothing comes to mind. The only thing you know for sure is that you're on a spaceship. The voice reminds you that life support is still failing. You make your way to the Bridge. At the controls is another person. He is tall, lanky, with a mess of light brown hair. "Hey mate," you say. "What are you doing?" "Trying to fix life support," the person responds. "Now if you don't mind, I need silence. Or as much as I'm going to get with the ship continuously announcing the failure," he says, waving his hand towards the ceiling. You lean against the door and watch him work. The ship is announcing the failure every two minutes much to your annoyance. You hear two sets of footsteps approaching when the man at the controls taps something and the ship says, "Life support stabilized." The two others join you. One has jet black hair that is sticking in every direction; he is thin with round glasses. Next to him is a heavier set guy, with mousy brown hair. You glance between the three men and decide to be the first to speak. "Anyone got a clue who we are or what we are doing?" you ask. "Nope," the black haired one answers. "Woke up to the 'life support critical,' and found him," he jabs his thumb towards the heavier set man next to him, "on my way here." The man that was just indicated is standing behind the raven haired man. "The same," he says meekly. "Okay, well it's clear that none of us have our memories," the man at the controls says. "Which means names are out until one of us remembers or we figure it out. It's going to get real confusing fast. Better course of action is to number ourselves, probably by the way we came into the Bridge. So I'll be One." "Which leaves me as Two," you say. You glance at the two who walked in together. "I guess you have to figure out who wants to be Three and who wants to be Four." The black haired man speaks. "I'll be Four. Now that that's settled, we probably should search the ship and try and figure out what it knows about us." One speaks. "I'll look into the ship's memory." He turns back to the console that he was tapping on earlier. "But we should probably stay in contact." Four nods. "With equipment like this, there should be some sort of comm set up," he says. "Search for that first, One." You shift uneasily. You don't like that you don't know your name or remember your history. This just feels like a recipe for disaster. One taps something and the console closest to you opens. Four comms rise up. "Awesome, I knew there should have been some," Four says brightly. You all grab a comm. You shove it in your ear as One taps another button. "We are good to go," One says. "I just made the link so that we'll be able to hear each other." "I came in from the right," you say. "I'm going to go investigate that way." You leave before any of them can stop you. The ship is large, with several bedrooms, a mess hall, a holding station, an Infirmary, and two escape pods. It takes several hours for the three of you to secure the ship. The only thing that you find during your search is an AI in the Infirmary. The AI is powered down, most likely in stasis. You touch it just to confirm. When it doesn't move, you figure that One is the only person who is going to be able to get it back online. "Hey, One, come to the Infirmary. We've got a powered down AI here," you say. One arrives a few minutes later with Three and Four in tow. "The rest of the ship is clear. It's only the four of us and this AI on board," Four announces. "Maybe the AI has information about what happened to us?" One holds his hand up. He goes to the computer in the corner of the room. It's several long, quiet moments until the AI sits up quickly. She glances around the room. "May I be of service to you?" she asks. Her voice reminds you of the voice that woke up from your sleep. "Can you retrieve your memory?" you ask hopefully. The AI is silent for a while before turning to look at you. You're met with a pair of icy blue eyes. There something too human about them that make you shiver. "No, I cannot. My memory has been corrupted." You deflate. "Well there goes that chance," you mutter. Four runs his hand through his messy hair with a long, drawn out sigh. He glances at One. "There wasn't anything in the Bridge to indicate who we are?" "No," One answers sharply. "We were keeping a log, but like the AI, the data was corrupted." "I can help with that," the AI speaks. "I am linked to the ship, after all." The four of you look at each other and then back at the AI. "Let's take her to the Bridge, then." One is the first to speak when you get to the Bridge. "AI, can -" "I prefer Dorcas, if you don't mind," she interrupts. The notion of an AI having a name makes you laugh. And Dorcas turns toward you, her expression is blank and her eyes are hard. "Is there something funny?" "No, no," you say, waving your hands in front of you. "One, continue." One glares at you before looking back at her. "Dorcas," he corrects himself, "will you look at the data and see what you can salvage?" The AI closes her eyes, and One hurries to speak. "I didn't mean for you to do it through your link; I meant for you to show me how." The AI frowns, which strikes you as odd. "But it much faster if I look into it this way," she says. One looks like he's about to argue when Three steps forward. "I don't know about you, but I would prefer to figure out who we are sooner than later, so maybe we should just let the…" he trails off, before correcting himself, "Dorcas, look into it for us." It's the first time since you've met him in the Bridge that he has really talked more than an agreement or confirmation an area is clear. He looks like he's uncomfortable. But Four moves forwards and clasps him on the shoulder. "I agree. You can have," he pauses, eyeing the AI from the side, "Dorcas teach you how later. Right now, safety should come first." Dorcas looks to One for her final orders. "Alright, just check," he says, relenting. The Bridge is eerily quiet while the AI checks through the logs. "With this amount of damage, it will take me several days to uncover the corrupted files," Dorcas says. "Is there anything you can tell us now?" you ask irritably. Her icy blue eyes snap to you. "Your intended destination is in the Andromeda system. The planet of destination is small and scarcely populated, as are the other planets in this system. It circles around Mirach, the largest star in the system." "Thank you," Three says. His voice, unlike before, is confident. One frowns. "Can we drop out of hyperspeed before we get to the planet and go incognito?" "Of course," Dorcas replies promptly. "I will lower us out of hyperspeed when we reach the Andromeda system. It will be a few hours. I will let you know when we do." Four slaps a hand on One's shoulder. "I don't know about you, but I'm starving. Why don't we go to the mess hall and whip something up while we discuss what happens now?" Food is placed in front of you as the four of you sit around the table in the mess hall. You didn't realize how hungry you are until then. You wolf it down as quickly as possible. One and Three are, apparently, slow eaters. You look at Four. "Any ideas on how we're supposed to know what we're supposed to be doing in the Andromeda system?" you ask. Four leans back in his chair, balancing perfectly on two legs, propping his feet upon the table. He folds his hands behind his head. "That is the question. We can always land on the planet and see if anyone recognizes us?" Three frowns. "That's highly dangerous," he says in between bites. You frown as well. "Three's right. It's too dangerous. We don't know if they are friends or foes." One pushes his plate away. "I think that we should remain on the ship until Dorcas can tell us something more about ourselves or why we are here. All we know is that we don't know anything about ourselves." "Do you think we wiped our memories? Or do you think that someone else did?" you ask. The other three shift in their seats uncomfortably at the mention of your memories. One meets your eyes. "We won't know that unless Dorcas can sort out the corrupted files. But the most likely answer would be one of us wiped our memories," One answers. You glance between the three of them. Any of you could have wiped your memories. And that doesn't make you feel better. "We'll stay on the ship then," Four says. "At least until Dorcas can tell us something about ourselves." You nod your agreement. "I'm going to pick a room and lay down. I'm sure Dorcas will inform us when we get to the Andromeda system." You don't wait for their responses as you head towards the bedrooms. You feel a pull towards one that you can't explain. You figure it has to do with some sort of muscle memory or the likes, and that this was your room before you got dragged into this mess. You barely get your shirt and pants off before you pass out. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer is that the last thing you think before you fall asleep. .. Dorcas wakes you up a few hours later by announcing your arrival in the Andromeda system. You start to put your clothes back on when you notice a tattoo on your chest. You button your pants and find a mirror. Upon further inspection you find there's two hands holding a heart with a crown on top tattooed directly over your own heart. You stare at it for a long time, trying to decipher the meaning, before you realize that you should be leaving you room. You frown and pull your shirt back on before hurrying to the Bridge. The other three are, predictably, waiting for you. "Sorry," you tell them. "I found a tattoo and got lost in the moment. Have we managed to figure out why we're here?" "No," Dorcas answers. "Retrieving the corrupt files is more difficult than I was anticipating." One is about to talk when Dorcas frowns. It looks odd coming from an AI; a little too human for your tastes. "Something is wrong. A ship has locked onto our coordinates. There's an incoming transmission." The screen flickers to life. You are greeted by the sight of a tall blonde with a sneer on his face. "Shuttle out of the ship to ours and nobody gets hurt," the man says. "You have one minute or we fire." You don't