For LSS with prompts: 2. (word) basking, 3. (word) disheveled, and 8. (dialogue) "I'm open to suggestion. For OTP bootcamp with the prompt vicious. So many thanks to Lo and Bex for beta-ing this for me. Charlie shivers as a chill runs down his spine. Even with his armour and chainmail, he's surprised to find himself cold. He doesn't even realize he's halted his horse until his brother calls to him. "What are you doing? We're going to be late!" His brother's red hair is blowing as the wind picks up, his cloak whipping around him. Charlie frowns and glances around. There are dark clouds forming when the sky had been clear and beautiful, not but moments ago. Both of their horses tread uneasily in place. Charlie doesn't like this. "Do you feel that?" he asks. "It's nothing to worry about. Now come -" He hears someone scream. He kicks his horse into action. "You had to say something, Bill." By the time they break through the forest, there is a knight running towards them. He only has his chainmail left; his armour, helmet, and cloak all missing. Bill offers the man an arm and hoists him up on his horse. "Leave!" the knight begs. "What is going on?" Charlie demands, not wanting to leave until he has answers. The knight must realize this because he points in front of them. "Monster! It killed all of my men!" Charlie wonders how he missed the castle. The castle is dark, nestled in between two mountains. This must be the cause of the uneasy feeling in his stomach. "What monster are you talking about?" Charlie questions. "A dragon!" Charlie sits up almost impossibly straighter, a grin taking over his entire face. His brother shoots him a warning look. Then he sees a large blur high in the sky. "We're going home," his brother says firmly. "The king is waiting our return." "It's a dragon , Bill. When are we ever going to get the chance to see one again. This is the stuff legends are made of!" Charlie says, unable to hide his excitement. "A dragon that killed all of this knight's men," Bill replies pointedly. Rationally, Charlie understands what his brother is trying to say. Dragons can only be killed by magic and they can't wield magic. There is another part of Charlie that wants to see a dragon up close. He has a feeling that this dragon isn't quiet what it seems. He sighs, knowing that Bill won't let him approach. He spurs his horse on, heading back in the direction of his city. "Let's go home." Charlie barely lasts a week. He can't stop thinking about the dragon. He's read every book he can get his hands on about them. He decides to sneak out to the stables in the dead of night. "Charlie," a voice says. For the briefest of moments, Charlie thinks it's his mother. But when he turns around, he's staring at his sister. Her flaming hair is braided and resting over her right shoulder. She's wearing riding clothes that don't fit her properly. "No," Charlie says immediately. "You don't really have a choice," Ginny informs him with a smirk. "You either take me with you or I'll tell mother and father." "It's too dangerous," Charlie hisses. Ginny pats him on the chest. "It's funny how you think that's going to sway me. Dawn is fast approaching. You need to make your decision if you want to cover any ground." Charlie hesitates. He weighs his options. Neither of them are good, but he can keep Ginny from approaching the castle, whereas if she goes to wake his parents, he'll never leave. "Fine, but don't think I'm waiting for you if you can't keep up," he says, hoping to deter her. "Of course not. Now let's get saddled." Ginny brushes past him, grinning victoriously. He has no choice but to follow. He wonders what he's gotten himself into. Charlie finds that Ginny is an excellent rider. When he says as much, she smiles. "I'd sneak out at night and would teach myself to ride," Ginny says. Charlie smiles back at her. "We'll stop in a bit for lunch. Did you pack any food?" Ginny pats one of the bags on the saddle. "I packed appropriately," she assures him, "as I hope you did too." "It's not my first time outside the city gates," Charlie reminds her. She snorts, but doesn't say anything. The silence that falls between them is easy and comfortable, much like the silence between him and Bill. He may have to take her on rides more often. Charlie ties up his horse to the tree before doing the same for Ginny's horse. He helps her down despite her protests. The castle is exactly like he remembers. It's dark and ominous. He shivers. Glancing to his right, he sees his sister. Her braid has loosened from the ride and the wind. There's a determined look on her face as she stares at the castle. "Are you sure you want to do this?" Ginny asks. Charlie nods. "I don't think I'll be able to stop thinking about it until I do it." "So do you have a plan?" she asks. Charlie frowns. He didn't really think about that. She must read his answer across his face because she places her hands on her hips with a scowl. "Charlie! You don't have a plan!" she scolds. "I got distracted by the fact that it's a dragon," he says sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck. "I'm open to suggestions." She turns back to the horse, shuffling around in her bag. She whirls around with a plate. It's one of their mother's fancy dinner plates. "I heard that dragons are attracted to shiny objects," Ginny says, offering the plate. "I packed it just in case." Charlie takes the plate. It looks like Ginny took the time to polish it for him; it shines as the sun hits it. He grins. "Thanks, Gin. Now, stay here. Whatever happens, do not come after me." Ginny raises her eyebrow at him. "I'm serious. Stay here." When she glares at him and turns back to her horse, he starts walking towards the castle. He's relieved that Ginny doesn't follow him. The chill from earlier comes back full force. He suddenly finds himself missing his chainmail and armour. He holds onto the plate protectively, as if it could offer him protection. He's stopped in his tracks by a wall of fire. He curses, glancing around. He sees a glimpse of a wing in the sky. "I would appreciate it if you didn't kill me," he calls out. He places the plate on the ground and backs away slowly. When he makes it back to his sister, she is sitting on a blanket. She rises up easily and sets about folding the blanket. "We rode for most of the day for you to barely make it five steps onto the bridge," Ginny says. Charlie offers his hand to help her up on her horse. "I have a feeling that this is going to take some time to build some trust." They ride away to the sound of Ginny's laugh. It becomes a habit for Charlie to visit the castle when he's not on patrol or otherwise engaged. Every time he approaches, the plate he left the time before is gone. All he can see is the mark on the bridge he left. He doesn't try to get more than one step more than the time before. He places another plate and leaves. Sometimes it goes without incident; others, he finds himself in front of a wall of fire. Those days are happening less and less often. He leaves with hope building, despite his best efforts. "Are you going tonight?" He turns around to see Ginny wearing her riding clothes. Her flaming hair is just falling freely around her shoulders and her arms behind her back. He smiles, turning around to gather his bag. "It looks like you're going riding regardless," he comments. She pulls a plate from behind her back. "That isn't a no. I thought you may want some company." "I would love some. Are you ready to go?" Charlie asks, plucking the plate from her grip. "More than ready. Let's go." Charlie is excited and thrilled when he manages to make it to the door of the castle without incident. He places his usual plate without opening the door. He stands there for a moment, looking up at the castle. He wonders who actually lives there. In the months since he's started leaving the offerings, he's never once seen any sign of activity besides the dragon. He gives the castle one last look before he turns back towards his sister. He sits on the blanket next to her. "What else are we going to do?" she asks. He frowns. "I don't have any plans. Do you have anything you want to do?" "Is there some place we could go swimming? It's so hot today." Charlie stands up and offers Ginny his hand. "I know just the place. It's not too far from here." It takes several more weeks before Charlie goes inside the castle. He packed a torch for this moment. Everything is covered in dust and cobwebs. He slowly walks through, room by room, each as empty and lifeless as the last. He's about to give up hope when he climbs to the stairs of the east tower. The air becomes warmer and he can hear the faint sound of clanging. He pushes the door open and gasps. The dragon is breathtaking; its scales are silver and its eyes are like the storms that plague the area. For something that's supposed to be so vicious, he's never seen anything as beautiful. He's so caught up in the beauty of the dragon that he barely manages to dodge the fire. "Okay, okay, I'm going to leave the plate and go," Charlie calls. He takes a deep breathe and slowly walks towards the door. He places the plate and backs up. The dragon keeps its eyes on Charlie as it leans down to pick up the plate. He hears a rumble deep in the dragon's throat. Charlie holds his hands up in surrender. "I'll come back when I can. I'll bring another one." Charlie doesn't look back to see how the dragon reacts. Charlie places the plate on the floor. The dragon moves to take the plate in its mouth. He doesn't hear the rumble from the dragon. Before he can think of it, he extends his right hand and takes a step forward. The dragon makes a noise, the plate falling from its mouth, its piercing eyes fixed on Charlie. Charlie takes another step forward. The dragon makes another noise, but it doesn't move otherwise. Charlie decides that he's not going to push anymore. He holds both of his hands up in surrender. "I'll be back later." Charlie doesn't make it back for another two weeks. He makes the same offering to the dragon, laying down the plate for it. He doesn't move from in front of it. The dragon drops its head, bumping into Charlie before picking up the plate in its teeth. He laughs happily. He holds out his hand and takes a tentative step forward. The dragon doesn't move. It holds perfectly still as Charlie takes another step. He places a hand on the dragon's head. The scales are rough under his hand. "My gods, aren't you beautiful?" The dragon huffs at him. Charlie can feel the heat of its breath on his skin. It just makes Charlie grin widely. He rubs his hand over the scales. He doesn't know how long he stood there for, petting the dragon, but he knows it must be late. "I'll be back. I promise." The sun is almost below the horizon when Charlie exits the castle. He's thankful that he didn't bring