I sat in a shadowed corner of The Prancing Pony Inn - hidden not only by the dimness of the room, but also by the hood of my dark green cloak - in the small village of Bree, which could be found East of the Shire and South of Fornost Erain, but I was not alone. No, I was far from being alone. Beside me sat a light brunette Elf maiden, also hidden behind a dark green cloak, which I had known almost my whole entire life and her name was Alys. On Alys' left was a black haired Elf maiden hidden behind a black cloak, Ayleth. To the right of Ayleth sat another Elf maiden, this one had dark red, almost black hair who wore a dark brown cloak, Ellyn. Across from us sat a man that the four of us had known since he was first brought to Rivendell by his mother, Gilraen; he was known as Aragorn by few, but most knew him as Strider, by his Ranger name. He too was also hidden by a dark green, with a slight hint of dark blue, cloak. The five of us had been sitting in The Prancing Pony for a little over two days' time now. Occasionally one or two of us would go and rest in the small, yet comforting room we were renting from the owner, Barliman Butterbur; but for the most part we spent our time sitting in our corner, watching the door patiently. Strider informed us when we first noticed him in the corner by one of the few fireplaces in the tavern that Gandalf the Grey had sent him to safely escort four Halflings to Rivendell when they arrived in Bree. He was quite surprised at first to see us as we hadn't stepped foot outside the Lothlórien woods for a little over 15 winters, but we quickly fell into our routine from when we used to travel together many long winters ago. We had pulled up a table to join his and sat with all of our backs against the wall - Alys and I with our backs to the wall with the fireplace on it, while Strider, Ayleth and Ellyn sat next to us, with their backs against the wall with the windows - so that we could all see the doorway, keeping a careful eye on all who entered and left the tavern. It wasn't long after we had sat down and were waiting for our ale to be brought to us that we told him why we were here. 'My grandparents sent the four of us to help you, Strider, in bringing the Halflings to safet y. Grandmother saw something happen to one of the Halflings along the journey, though she never told us which Hobbit it would be or when it would happen or even what would happen. Whatever it is though, it must be serious for them to send us from Lothlórien to he lp you. She did however mention that one of the Hobbits carries something, a great burden that will attract unwanted creatures and attention to them out in the Wild. We will aid you in any way that we can, old friend,' I had said to him, my hand now wrapped gently around a cold mug of ale. "Are you sure we did not miss them, Thea?" Alys asked me quietly on the night of our third day in Bree; her face darkening as she turned towards me, away from the glow of the fire. "Yes, Alys, I'm sure we did not miss them. My heart tells me they are on their way here. They will come soon. We just have to wait, they cannot walk as fast as you or I could, we have to remember that," I answered her, my blue eyes never leaving the door of the Inn. "Ugh! I hate waiting! It is so boring here, there is nothing to do but watch drunk old men make fools of themselves all day," Ellyn complained; her soft silky black hair falling around her face from under her hood as she threw her head down on the worn wooden table in complaint. "Oh Ellyn, you make a terrible Elf sometimes. We were born immortal, blessed by the Valar with the gift of long life, giving us all the time in Middle Earth to do as we pleased, peacefully and at any speed we wished. Yet here you are, complaining about having to wait a few days for some Halflings to arrive," Ayleth joked, her cheerful laughter filling the stuffy, smoke filled air that occupied the tavern under the rooms of the Inn. "Oh quiet! I cannot help it if I am impatient," Ellyn whined, swinging her head upwards in exclamation; her hood nearly falling off of her head. "One would think you would learn how to be patient over the years, my friend," Strider added in with a small toothy grin from where he sat next to me in the corner; his comment causing our small group to break out in quiet laughter once more. After that silence fell over us for a short time when we noticed the door open, but seemingly no one walking into the tavern nor exiting the tavern; some of the stuffy air escaping out into the clean, crisp world outside, allowing fresh air to rush into the tavern, bringing with it the smell and sound of freshly falling rain. Our hopes rose as Mr. Butterbur leaned over the counter of the bar, as if to speak to someone or someone's who weren't quite tall enough to see over the counter. Four out of our group of five could just faintly hear the conversation that he was having with whoever had walked in over the loud boisterous chattering of the drunken men that filled the tavern. "Good evening little masters. If you're seeking accommodation, we've got some nice, cozy Hobbit sized rooms available Mr...Ah..." Mr. Butterbur spoke, cleaning a mug with an old, well-worn cloth as he leaned on the bar. Our group of five leaned back a bit, letting out breaths of air some of us didn't even realize we were holding in; they had done it, they had gotten to Bree, our Hobbits were safe. For now at least. "Underhill...my name's Underhill," One of the Hobbits spoke, his voice seeming small and innocent compared to the loud voices of the men around him. "Underhill? Hmmm," Barliman murmured thoughtfully, pondering the name over in his mind, searching to see if the name sounded familiar or not. "We're friends of Gandalf the Grey... Can you tell him we've arrived?" The same Hobbit asked, a tad bit of hope lingering in his words as he continued to talk with Barliman. "Gandalf...Gandalf...Oh..." Barliman started puzzlement evident in every word. "Oh yes! I remember... elderly chap... Big grey beard... pointy hat?" He continued, "Not seen him for six months," Mr. Butterbur finished before turning around and returning to his customers at the bar. The Hobbits were soon revealed to us as they walked out from around the corner of the bar and sat at an open table on the opposite side of the room from us; the table, benches and candelabras were much too big for their small figures, and the men around them towered far over their heads. "They look terrible. So tired, and cold, frightened and hungry," Ayleth commented, after closely inspecting the group of Halflings as they sat at their table, digging into the bread and cheese that were brought to them by Mr. Butterbur, their eyes glancing all around them nervously. "I would expect so. The Shire is quite some distance from Bree, at least eight days' time on horse, fourteen days or longer on foot. They must have run most of the way here, with little time to sleep for them to look so tired and worn as they do," Strider added. "Of course they are frightened, Ayleth. They are in a place where they have never been before, let alone amongst the Big Folk. They have never seen so many Big Folk all in one place before. The Shire rarely gets travellers anymore these days," I too added; pity lacing my words as I spoke of the frightened look all the Hobbits wore on their faces. The five of us sat there staring at them for a little while, studying them; it was quiet at both our tables, with one or two small conversations starting up briefly amongst the Hobbits before soon dying down. Thankfully for our keen Elven ears, four out of the five of us were able to hear their full conversations; Strider on the other hand had a bit more trouble and only caught bits and pieces of their talks. "Sam... He'll be here. He'll come," One Hobbit said, offering some hope to his nervous companion who sat beside him; the Halfling who had spoken had curly brown hair, but what stood out most about him were his strikingly blue eyes. His friend, Sam, had curly blond hair, blue eyes and had a bit more meat on his bones then the other Hobbits. Another of the Hobbits came back to their table with a rather large pint full of ale in his hands, the pint just barely fitting between his two small hands that wrapped around it. "What's that?" Questioned a Halfling with dark golden, curly blond hair and bright blue eyes; he had decided to sit across from the other two Halflings of the group at the table. His friend sat down on the old wooden bench beside him, placing the pint down on the well-worn wooden table; licking his lips anxiously waiting to taste the delicious ale. "This, my friend, is a pint," Answered the Hobbit who had brown almost blond curly hair and blue eyes. He held his pint of ale in his hands that was almost overflowing, before slowly and carefully lifting it up to his lips and beginning to drink. "It comes in pints?" The dark golden blond haired Hobbit questioned astonished. "Mhmmm," Answered his friend as he continued to drink his ale; the pint nearly covering half of his face it was so large compared to him. "I'm getting one," The Halfling declared, determination written across his face, before getting up and walking briskly towards the bar. "You've got a whole half already!" Sam called out to his friend, who was already nearing the bar. It was quiet once again as the third Hobbit left to go and get his drink; sitting up at the bar with the men, but it didn't stay quiet for long. "That fellow's done nothing but stare at you since we arrived. His companions haven't been much better either. They have looked at you nearly as long as he has," Stated Sam, pointing towards the corner where the five of us sat with a piece of bread in his hand. When the blue eyed, curly brown haired Hobbit cautiously raised his head and looked up towards our group, I can't say I really blame him for the fearful look that had fallen upon his face. The five of us sat in the shadows, with the hoods of our cloaks drawn up, and our heads were all turned in their direction, our features completely hidden from view. Not quite the best way to look when you are supposed to be helping this Hobbit and his three friends in the coming days. "Excuse me. That man and his four companions in the corner, who are they?" Asked the blue eyed Halfling from where he sat of Mr. Butterbur as he walked by with some bread and three mugs of ale for other customers; his voice small and quiet. "He's one of 'em Rangers; they're dangerous folk, wandering the Wilds. What his right name is, I've never heard, but round here he's known as Strider. As for his companions, they are rather friendly