Greeting, readers! Simplylovely here, the girl with too many story ideas to function, and my next fan fiction adventure resides in the Twilight fandom. Now, if any of you have been with me since the Beginning Days, I've tackled this fandom before with an OC story (fyi, this isn't that story revised. Sorry.) but I've unfortunately deleted it because in my opinion, didn't think it was my best writing as I was a newcomer to the wondrous world of Fan Fiction at the time. And..I think I've gotten better since then.. I hope. Now, how this all came about. I've recently gotten back into Twilight (not a hardcore fan like in my preteens) thanks to rewatching the movies with my mom one day. And boy, did the plot bunnies hit me unexpectedly like a freight train! So, I thought I'd give it another go and try my best to make an OC story that isn't Marysue-ish or self-insert like a lot that's in this category (Not bashing on all of them! Some are actually very good but there are still those few ya'know..) Anyway, here's the first chapter! -Lovely What you need to know: This story will be following the storyline of the movie Twilight with my OC's involvement so expect some AU elements (i.e. my OC isn't gonna fall madly in love with Eddie right away and HE. WILL. NOT. SPARKLE. Just so ya know right off the bat). -The Wilderness -Paring(s): Edward/OC -Rating: T for mild language, violence, and some adult situations -Movie-based Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. The characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. I only own any OCs introduced. Chapter One: " Mama, I'm Leaving Home " (Chapter Song: Normal by Foo Fighters) Logan International as always was filled with Boston locals and visitors coming and going about their business. So many didn't really notice the two women seated in the waiting area with no one around them in the otherwise crowded section. A mother who looked through her phone with a nettled expression and her seventeen year old daughter, looking bored as she sipped from her ice coffee from Starbucks. That was because of the dark atmosphere pouring from them like scorching heatwaves. So many didn't really notice until unfortunately getting too close. Then the unsettled feeling would hit the person like a force field; a dazed but scared expression crossing their face. The young woman involved watched behind the protective tinted glass of her round framed Ray Bans as the man or woman quickly fled in fear of something ominous happening if they chose to stay any longer. The rest at a safe distance would sneak curious or frighten glances their way. A breath of relief stuck the girl each time when they did. " Yeah, run. Be afraid. Don't get caught in the shit storm with me." Because Cyan and Natalia Warren were at an awful stalemate. The silent tension going on between the two was unbearable and it almost crackled visibly in the air, threatening to turn into an actual lightning storm any minute. Curious, brown eyes glanced over towards the large windows then. Sure enough, the once pretty sunset of vibrant purple and orange tones were replaced completely with muted gray; the telltale sign of an oncoming storm. The two again were obviously the cause and didn't care what occur to the outside world at the moment..well, one of them didn't. The temporarily stuck teen slumped in her seat. "I really hope this doesn't delay my flight." After that thought, the older woman beside her decided to address her at last, breaking the dangerous fifteen minute silence. "Honey, let's forget about all this." Her voice and words came out sounding sugary sweet but Cyan easily saw through the act. The seething hidden under her cool pristine makeup covered face. "Come with me on my trip instead. We'll make it a mother-daughter getaway vacation. That'll be more fun, right?" Her daughter sighed with a firm shake of her raven haired head. "It would..if under other circumstances. But you already gave your word about this, so there's no take backs. I'm going." "This is ridiculous, you going away at such an important time in your life." Natalia stated, fully agitated. 'There's the mother I know' , thought the girl in a dead tone. "You should be staying home with me so I can ready you." " A home you yourself are never at anymore." she noted to herself while aloud stressed for the hundredth time it seemed. "Which is exactly what I need to get away from, mother. I need.. normal for once." She warily peered over at her only parent then. Natalia Warren was forty-seven but didn't look a day over thirty. While Cyan took more after her late father, personality-wise, her pretty physical features were similar to that of her mother's except for her natural jet black hair instead of salon-made dirty blonde. Her dark brown eyes as well which she shared with her deceased parent. That was all the two really had noticeably in common. Well, their strong impeccable fashion sense was another. At the moment, Cyan sat in a black peplum top and leather jeggings with stiletto ankle boots to complete the outfit. Her mother was dressed to impress as well; a white tuxedo jacket over a yellow chiffon blouse and black boot-cut pants with four-inch pumps. The duo gave off the idea that they were headed to Milan Fashion Week ..well, her mother was. Fashion was her mother's lifeblood. A well-know designer catering to various celebrities and other rich folks since before Cyan was even born. While Cyan shied unsuccessfully from the limelight, Natalia craved it desperately. Image was everything to her, especially reputation which was another part of the reason the woman didn't want her to leave. People will talk, whispering shamefully behind her back or worse, within earshot. How she couldn't reign in her liberated child or ingrain the importance of the girl's foretold destiny. And that woman could be so many things too—pleasant and charming in front of company, sweetly persuasive when wanting things her way or the opposite, cold and calculating. But the person the teenager saw often was the strict, Mommie Dearest-esque persona. Maybe there was a time when her parent was a kinder person—the one her father, Evan Swan, fell in love with once upon a time—but not anymore. Usually, her father would shield her from the various abuse the woman chose to deliver, playing the mediator. But since his tragic, unexpected passing, she'd been unguarded for the past five years to the point she wished to leave even if for a short amount of time. So, tiptoeing on fragile eggshells, the young woman asked every now and then if she could live out the rest of her high school years with her uncle on the other side of the United States until her mother surprisingly relented. The woman sighed heavily, struggling to control her temper while in public. "There's that word again. Normal ." She all but hissed the word like it was a dirty expletive for a person's privates. "Our life's can never be that and you know it. You might as well face facts, Cyan. We are—" Her daughter wasn't having it anymore. If she stayed a second longer listening to the same crap over again, she'd really miss her flight out. Maybe..that's what her parent was secretly trying to do, she thought bitterly. "You can't stop me. For once I want control over my fate even if for a little while. That's why I'm going to Washington." Her stubborn child grabbed her shoulder bag off the seat next to her and stood. She turned to meet her mother's gaze again with what she hoped was a strong glare. "And I don't want you secretly watching me either because I'll sense it. Stay out of my life while I'm there and respect my wishes. Goodbye." With that, she stormed off into the crowded airport towards the direction of the gate for the one-way travel from Boston to Seattle. The fashion designer's jaw tighten in irritation as her bright green eyes watched her silently disappear in the bustling crowd. " Remember..let her have this." an inner voice told her in a soft tone. As if Natalia was a toddler that needed reassuring coddling. "..She'll see the error of her so-called dreams soon." That brought a wicked and pleased smile to her dark cherry red-painted lips. Other than needing freedom from her overbearing mother, Cyan decided for her to live a truly conventional lifestyle like she wished going either out or across the country was her best bet. At first, she thought of asking her friend Becca if she could stay with her in London but she was coming back home soon around the time. Then she remembered, after chastising herself for forgetting, her good-hearted uncle. Charlie Swan, the Chief of Police to a small and once flourishing lumber town called Forks found in Washington that was currently home to over three thousand people. Charlie was her late father's younger brother. When nervously calling him to ask if she could stay, Cyan thought he would say no right away but he hadn't. He knew well how her mother was, always surprised that his older sibling had stayed with her as long as he did until his untimely death. He believed it was only because of the now young woman who his brother loved dearly and didn't wish to abandon. So, he was more than welcoming to let her live with him for the time being since it was only him in his house. Her uncle divorced several years ago with his former wife, Renée and was still single. 'Too busy looking after a whole town to have a love life at the moment', he jokingly told her over the phone. During their short marriage, they had her cousin named Isabella, or Bella as she preferred nowadays. The two girls had been born in the same year—Bella being the oldest by a month—even though her parents were married for two years already before Bella's. Unknowingly to her, the man was eager to have Cyan around after so long apart. She was his favorite and only niece, remembering all the fun the girls and he and his brother used to have in the summer. As he waited for her outside the airport in Seattle at five in the morning, he sleepily wondered if she still liked the idea of fishing or watching sports games on tv so maybe then the transition of living with him would go smoothly. He was a man of few hobbies after all. Having a woman—a young teenage one—was a whole new experience for Charlie after being alone for so long. Unfortunately, Bella rarely visited anymore for he didn't get the privilege to know what to do beforehand. Talking over the phone with her, Cyan seemed like the respectable kid he once remembered. But once she was there would be the true reveal of her personality. Would his niece now be rebellious and rambunctious or 'it's not a phase' type? His earlier nervousness came flooding back. Well, he didn't have much to worry about upon seeing her at last. With his brown eyes that shared with her, Warren could be quickly mistake for a twenty-something year old from her ensemble and presence, giving immediately an air of maturity as well. He caught a few men around blatantly appraising her appreciatively which caused him to glare protectively, ready to make an arrest if one chose to get handsy. But she didn't give them the time of day as the young woman hurried over with her heavy suitcases. Once in front of him and his police car, she bent down and dropped them with a tired huff before straightening, brushing some fallen strands from her heart-shaped face. The teen was almost his height in her heels; Charlie being six foot and her