It seems my story was removed for violating the guideline that says we cannot have song lyrics in our stories. I've read over the story and cannot find the lyrics, so I'm putting it back up. Sorry for the formatting and spelling issues. It didn't transfer correctly, but it would take forever for me to fix so *shrugs* 6/16/2017 story/story_ ?storyid=12282557 Title: Secure Category: Books » Harry Potter Author: YouSlyGryffindor Language: English, Rating: Rated: M Genre: Hurt/Comfort/Romance Published: 12 20 16, Updated: 04 11 17 Chapters: 22, Words: 34,386 Set after DH. Non epilogue compliant. HP/GW never existed. Neither did CC/HP come to think of it. This carries heavy topics and a sub/dom relationship. Read with caution. Updates should come weekly to bi weekly, depending on the necessary chapter length. This story has been inspired by a collection of stories: All in Good Time by Chuksha (AOOO), A Veela and His Mate by HPSSflufflover (ffnet), and He burns by dontyouwantit (ffnet). Main inspiration for this chapter is: "All in Good Time" by Chuksha (Archive of Our Own) Cover Art is "A Very Merry Christmas Professor" by Tatarnikova I do not, nor will I ever, own Harry Potter or any of the characters or subjects associated with it. This world belongs to the beautiful and talents J.K. Rowling. She would probably be terribly put off by this story but I probably don't care. If I don't care that J.K. Rowling would hate this, it's highly likely that I also don't care if you hate it. Simply said, no flames please. I will laugh at them, and not take anything to heart. You know what this is coming in, don't act surprised when there's some steamy homosexual things going on, nor when someone is referred to as "sir." Proceed with awareness. Chapter One: What's Rightfully Mine May 7th, 1998 (Thursday) Harry tapped his quill impatiently against his lip, reading over the summary of his assets as diligently as possible while his mind kept trying to drift over to other things. "Are you even trying to focus, Harry?" Hermione asked him, rolling her eyes when he sneered at her in response, used to his temperament by now. "You try reading about your bank account after defeating the darkest wizard of all time and your heart rests in the hospital wing, Hermione!" She gave him a look that was decidedly not sympathetic. "You survived four years; I'm sure you'll last another half hour. Now, you have to pay for the damages left from the breakout with the dragon as well as claiming your titles now that you are of age legally and not on the run." He sighed wearily, nodding despite his desire to run from the bank and never look back. He knew it was necessary, it just took so damn long! The moment he stepped back onto the campus grounds, a tawny owl nearly flew into him, dropping a letter at his feet before flying off without a backwards glance. Harry opened it finding the two words he had been waiting to see since the battle ended five days before. He's awake. He sprinted to the castle doors, wandlessly opening them to rush past the random people that were pilling about trying to clean up the mess left from the battle. There wasn't much fixing left to do thanks to the combined magic of the school and its inhabitants, but everything was quite dirty and it would take more than an incredibly powerful scourgify to fix it. Hermione followed at a much slower pace, deciding to go find her boyfriend and set up a plan for funerals and finding her parents rather than watch the drama unfold in the hospital wing. Harry jarred to a full stop in the wing, not paying the least bit of attention to any patient but the one that Poppy was fussing over. "I am fine!" the man was attempting to shout, his words belied by it coming out in a rough rasp followed by uncontrollable coughing. Harry smirked at the predictable nature of the man before frowning in concern. He moved forward, gesturing casually for the matron to leave him be. "You shouldn't cause so much trouble," he chided gently, seeing the potion's master catch his breath and clear his throat. "What are you doing here, Potter?" he scowled, trying to push up only to fall back against the pillows. Harry shifted him up without a word, adding an extra pillow behind his back for support. "I thought it obvious," he said firmly. "I am here to claim what is mine." The beginnings of a sneer curled Severus' lips only to fall when Harry sighed heavily. "Please don't argue with me, Severus," he said in a soft voice. "I've known since third year, and I reckon you knew even before then." Severus reacted with more emotion than anyone would expect from him, growing angry and hurt all at once. "You knew? And yet you left me there—with him! I was alone and trapped, and you knew this entire time!" Harry kneeled next to the bed, placing his hand against the drawn face that was looking at him with betrayal. "I've made many mistakes," Harry admitted. "Especially concerning you. But I know that I am ready, and I am prepared." Severus scoffed, it becoming a wracking cough that shook his entire form. Harry wrapped an arm around his back to lift him up more before guiding the glass of water to his lips. Severus drank thirstily, sighing in relief once it was gone. "Don't patronize me, Severus. I was thirteen. I didn't even know what a dominant mate was much less how to be one. I worked steadily for the past four years so that I could balance being the boy who bloody conquered and becoming someone that could protect you." "Bloody good job you did," Severus whispered, rubbing his neck subconsciously. Harry choked on his breath, looking away to breathe deep before facing him once more. "I know I'm not worthy, Severus, but that doesn't change what is. I'm here to claim what is mine, and I will prove to you that I can be what you need." Severus leaned back, closing his eyes as if weary. "And you will have what is yours," he whispered, opening his eyes to look at Harry with a doubtful hope. Harry smiled a small smile before leaning forward to tuck Severus in more firmly. "Rest, for now," he ordered, watching as Severus immediately burrowed further into the comfort of his bedding. "I will return later, I promise." TBC Set after DH. Non epilogue compliant. HP/GW never existed. Neither did CC/HP come to think of it. This carries heavy topics and a sub/dom relationship. Read with caution. Updates should come weekly to bi weekly, depending on the necessary chapter length. This story has been inspired by a collection of stories: All in Good Time by Chuksha (AOOO), A Veela and His Mate by HPSSflufflover (ffnet), and He burns by dontyouwantit (ffnet). Main inspiration for this chapter is: "All in Good Time" by Chuksha (Archive of Our Own) I do not, nor will I ever, own Harry Potter or any of the characters or subjects associated with it. This world belongs to the beautiful and talents J.K. Rowling. She would probably be terribly put off by this story but I probably don't care. If I don't care that J.K. Rowling would hate this, it's highly likely that I also don't care if you hate it. Simply said, no flames please. I will laugh at them, and not take anything to heart. You know what this is coming in, don't act surprised when there's some steamy homosexual things going on, nor when someone is referred to as "sir." Proceed with awareness. Previously: "And you will have what is yours," he whispered, opening his eyes to look at Harry with a doubtful hope. Harry smiled a small smile before leaning forward to tuck Severus in more firmly. "Rest, for now," he ordered, watching as Severus immediately burrowed further into the comfort of his bedding. "I will return later, I promise." Chapter Two: Reconstruction Harry shook the elder Malfoy's slender hand firmly, speaking with confidence. "I would also like to extend a formal invitation to you and your family, Lord Malfoy, to stay at Potter Manor," he explained further. "Severus will be joining be there as soon as it is safe to move him home, and I know that your presence would help to ease him. You don't have to stay, of course, but know that you have access to my floo whenever the desire takes you." Lucius rose an elegant eyebrow in a way that was like the way that Severus usually did when met with something confounding. "You would invite dark wizards into your home, Lord Potter? How… trusting." Harry chuckled darkly, gripping this hand in his a little tighter than absolutely necessary. "I have strong wards and a strong wand, Lord Malfoy," he promised before releasing his hand and smiling warmly. "And besides, you're family now. Let's not waste time discussing bad blood!" Lucius coughed lightly, surprised when he noticed that the young wizard had slipped a piece of paper with his floo address upon it into his palm. "Family should call each other by their given name, Lord Potter." He memorized it before handing it swiftly to his son, who did the same before burning it. "Then call me Harry, Lucius." Harry nodded and turned away only to pause at an unexpected hand on his shoulder. "Yes, Lucius?" The regal man shocked him by glaring heatedly, his formal composure lost as his closed in on the other wizard. "I should notify you that I consider Severus a brother in all but blood," he warned. "If you harm him in any way — " Harry jerked out of the man's hold, scowling down at the wizard. "You dare doubt my blood and bond? I would never hurt my mate, and I am appalled that you would insinuate such." Draco sneered at their dramatics. "He means to be careful with him, Potter," he hissed, pulling his father away from the irate savior. "My godfather is not as strong as he would like everyone to believe." Harry softened at hearing the truth leave the younger man's lips, understanding their fear. He nodded jerkily at the two before turning again, moving swiftly to the podium at the front of the great hall before addressing the room at large. He didn't even have to say anything to quiet the room, as everyone's mouths closed and eyes moved to him the moment he approached the platform. "I would like to start by thanking you all for helping us tend to the injured and give proper respects to the dead despite how much I'm sure you would all love to go home and spend this time with your family. The wizarding world has been brought to shambles, and it's up to everyone in this room to help put it back together." Harry took a deep breath, moving in stride now that he knew that everyone was paying absolute attention to his words. "I would like to do more than just put our crude puzzle back together, however, I would like to build anew. We have a lot to answer for, and we have a lot of reformations to make to help insure that this madness will not come so far again. This is why I stand here today, promising to do more than just rebuild—but also to help recreate. This morning, I laid claim to my title and the responsibilities that come with it. As Lord of the Esteemed House of Potter, the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black, the Revered House of Gryffindor, the Archaic House of Slytherin, and the Dignified House of Le Faye; I will do more than wish for change, I will personally see to it." Whispers filled the room as people