Disclaimer: I do not own LotR The Abridged Guide to Girls in Middle Earth If you have read or watched the Lord of the Rings, you have imagined what it would be like to be in that world. Don't deny it, don't argue or fight about it, just take a deep breath, be honest with yourself, and accept it. I remember being ten or eleven, and watching the trilogy with my friends for the first time, and running home to write all about how me and my closest friend found ourselves with the fellowship in Middle Earth and went of epic adventures and I fell in love with Legolas and became an elf. Perhaps your fantasy was a little different from mine, but I'm guessing the basics are there. What I'm trying to say is this; we are all writers of the dreaded girl-in-Middle-Earth story, whether we admit it or not. I'm going to wager a guess, however, that many of us have kept these tales locked away, buried deep within the files of our computers, whipped out only during bouts of nostalgia or when you want to prove to yourself that, whatever else, you've improved. Most of us grow ashamed of these silly fantasies and like to pretend they never happened. Now, I'm going to say something rather bitchy; it's probably for the best we never speak of these fics to anyone. Writing good fiction is hard. Writing good fiction based on a ridiculous premise, more so. And to admit that we ever ventured into this, even at a young and naïve age, would make us seem lesser authors to some of our peers. There's something of a bias against these types of stories among the older and more educated (I use that term in the literal sense, as in have been in school more ) writers on this site. Younger authors get away with it in their circles, but for those of us who have been on the site for a few years, and have scrolled by seemingly a million from our world in Middle Earth stories, we tend to be a bit jaded and cynical, and not without good reason; most fics of this nature are self-inserts and poorly done ones at that. There is another sort of counter-culture to the Girl in Middle Earth fic; the attempted deconstructions. In these, the author tries to play this trope realistically and make a good fic of it. People tend to flock to these stories and praise them based on the premise alone- oh, the author is mocking and improving the story I hate so much! But truth be told, I've grown quite tired of these too; the writer rarely grasps what made the trope so annoying and while they avoid some pitfalls, the resulting character is often the cynical-anti-Sue, which I find more annoying than any classic-Sue out there. This whole introduction is not to say that I don't believe this genre can be done well; quite the contrary. I believe there are some hidden gems in the murky depths of this sub-genre and would love to see more; when done right, these fics are brilliant looks into culture and character that manage to truly grasp Tolkien's world and bring it to life. And hopefully, this guide will help make it easier to write a Girl in Middle Earth fic that encompasses all the good parts of the genre. Being Unique There was once a time when simply having a well-developed character was enough to make your deconstruction fic stand out; but alas, as more and more people do this, just having a good OFC isn't enough, though it is necessary. Now, some people may see the header and get the wrong idea; that they should make the character extra-special. This is misguided. The key is to make the story unique, rather than the character . Perhaps, instead of the character ending up in Rivendell, they end up with a group of dwarves? Maybe have a middle-aged mother and her bratty child show up in Gondor? Personally, I'm still holding out for that story about a barbershop quartet to end up in Mordor and reform Sauron with the power of their sweet harmonies, but that doesn't seem like it's going to happen anytime soon (but if someone were to write this, I would be eternally grateful). Don't do anything that would make them a Mary Sue, but try to do something unique with the premise, to grab people's interest and make your story stand out. Who's Falling? Perhaps he most annoying thing about Girl in Middle Earth stories is the girl herself. Now, I already wrote a more extensive guide on creating OFCs, so I'm not going to delve into details on that here. What I will talk about is dynamics. Since we live in an age where plenty a well-developed character has been dropped down in Middle Earth, some authors try to make their work unique by sending in a duo or group of relatives, friends, or otherwise connected individuals. These can either deepen the characters and give them a nice richness, or, as the case more often is, ruin a story. Too Many Cooks Spoil the Stew since the premise you're writing for already catapults your characters into danger-zone, yo need to keep a tight leash on them. And like any dog-walker can tell you, the more you have, the most you lose track of things. There's no real numeric limit to how many characters I think you can drop in; just so long as they are each a good character and interesting to read about. But if you have trouble with Sues, or aren't very good with ensemble scenes (I myself suffer from this, so I know where you're coming from), keep the number way low. Self Inserts Warning: unpopular opinion coming up. I don't automatically hate self-inserts. Like I said in the preface, they're the base of this sub-genre and for that, I think we can respect them. In fact, self-inserts may be hidden mines of golden potential; who do we know better than ourselves? And since the character would be an actual person , they should have real flaws. The above, however, is rarely the case . I put that statement in bold because I have seen one good self-insert in my life, and it was a parody. Self inserts are usually more like self-avatars; we create them based on us, but we gloss over our flaws and alter them into who we want to be and not who we are . In my opinion, good writing expresses some sort of truth about life; that's a pretty vague statement, I'll admit, but it means that these shadow-selves made of our broken dreams are awful characters. Another annoying self-insert trope is when the author and her best friends fall into middle earth. These stories are riddles with whatever traits their friends find 'cool', none of the characters make mistakes or have flaws that would hurt the friend's feelings, and are chock full of unfunny inside jokes that no one but maybe ten people get. Also, they're usually written by a twelve-year-old. If you want to write a story that only you and your friends will enjoy, Email it to them or print it out. Don't put it online and expect readers to praise it, and you certainly should not complain about criticisms left on it. The bottom line with self-insert fics is that while, in a perfect world they would be insightful and funny, in the real world, they kind of suck. Kind of like self-inserts themselves. Siblings (sisters, as I have rarely seen brothers or a mixed-gender-duo in ME) I have an older sister, and so I'm a bit intrigued by the sister-genre that I've seen crop up a few times. Sibling dynamics are pretty fascinating; you have this person who knows more about you than pretty much anyone but your mom, and who you may love or hate, or sometimes both. Imagine that dynamic when they are tossed into an unfamiliar situation, alone, with only each-other to rely on? But more often than not, making characters sisters has less to do with exploring themes of family and trust, and more to do with having an excuse to have similar-looking girls in the same place at the same time. To top this off, any look into the sisters relationship is sidelined for the sake of cheesy romance. In one story I read, two sisters who had been separated for years in Middle Earth found each-other, and you know what they did? Hugged for about three lines, asked two questions each, and then chose to go hang out with other people just because they were love interests . Look, I'm bickering with my sister for most of the time we see each other, but if I were in that situation, you couldn't get me to leave her side, even for a sexy elf boy. My advice is this; if you don't have siblings, don't write about them. There are a lot of weird things that siblings go through; phases, emotions, conflicts, and more, and it's a complicated relationship for people who are in it to capture. Friends No, friends tend to fall into the self-insert category, but say you manage to not go that route, here are some points to consider. *Friends fight. They are not the same person, and often have differing opinions and clashes. *Friends may not share the same background, but they do tend to have some hobbies in common. *Some friends are forever, others are not. It would be more interesting to read about how Middle Earth tested a friendship than how it helped it. *Don't sideline the friend's relationship with each other for the sake of romance. If you want us to care about them as individuals, and you introduce them as good friends, you should want us to care about that friendship and how it affects them. How Did we Get Here? Deus Ex Machina? What's That? There are many ways one can arrive in Middle Earth, So we're going into sub-sub-category here. Each underlined method has an 'acceptability rank', for how much I tell you use it. 1 is no, no, not ever , and 10 being eh. So long as it's done well . Keep in mind the ranking is not necessarily addressed to how well you used this trope, just what I've seen of it in general. The Valar/Eru Sometimes, a girl needs to be brought to Middle Earth by a divine being. Here are some excuses given for why. The Prophesied Child . Rank: -4 In these fics, we're supposed to believe that, for some reason, it was absolutely necessary that this one teenaged girl wind up in Middle Earth, fall in love, and save the world. But there are many reasons as to why this doesn't work. First of all, what is this girl meant to do? The threat in the third age in Sauron, and that problem was solved just fine without Seraphina Phoenix-Feather there to race around and kiss elves. Since the character is not needed to save the world why would divine beings go out of their way to get her to Middle Earth? Also, why is this particular girl so special? What skill does she have that no one else on earth does? I suppose you could give her one, but that is almost guaranteed to make her a Sue, and most authors don't even try to go this route. Usually, she just has a special birthday or lineage, to which I say, LAZY . Finally, why is it so important she fall in love with Legolas? No, but really though, why does that matter? What, is the power of love going to bring Sauron to his knees? Yeah, didn't think so. P.S., this way is kind of a guaranteed Mary Sue. The Child of a Maia/One of the