Disclaimer: I do not own LotR The Abridged Guide to Avoiding Sues in LotR Fanfic If you've clicked on this link, I'm going to assume you have a smidgen of knowledge as to what a Sue is. But I will quickly explain; A Mary Sue is a character who, in the work of fiction, is treated as if she has no flaws. Often times the readers see how selfish or bratty she is, but the tone the author uses attempts to justify this and make her seem always in the right. She is strong, beautiful, spunky, and rarely meshes with the universe. This annoys readers because Sues A) Turn things so the characters they love are no longer in any focus (which, as I will later explain, isn't always a bad thing) B) Stereotype characters and turn them into either fawning machines or idiots or rapists C) Are never called out on their flaws, or have their flaws treated as positive traits D) Are impossible to relate to on any level, because no one has rainbow eyes or farts unicorns, and E) Are just a sign of plain laziness But not every OFC is a Sue, not even ones who are central characters; if you're writing a study about the life of a noble woman living in the aftermath of the war, you need a female, original character to serve as your lead, and that's fine; so long as she is developed, realistic, and enjoyable (though not necessarily likable), I probably will have no problem with her, and most intelligent reviews won't, either. But the above is rarely the case, and more often OFCs fall off a slippery slope. Hopefully, this guide will keep that from happening to your character. The Basics- OFCs as People Most readers are human. And humans are weird. Maybe your best friend gets along with this one kid you hate, and maybe you love that celebrity everyone thinks is annoying, and that's normal. A person's personality is basically a collection of good and bad traits. And maybe your traits don't mind another persons traits while a third's traits dislike them. Again, that's normal. So it stands to reason that a character, who should be a person, may be well developed and well written and you just won't like them. This doesn't make them a bad character- if anything I think it makes them more dynamic. What does make them a bad character is if, in the fic, all 'good' characters the author likes don't see the OFCs flaws and they are placed on a pedestal. Keeping that in mind, creating a character sounds easy; just pick some good and bad traits and put them together and make some characters dislike them. Only … it's not that simple. The Good It's okay if your character is nice. It's okay if they're funny. But it's not okay if they're nice, funny, smart, strong, brave, loyal, confident, and display great leadership skills. It's also okay for them to be good singers, artists, or linguists. It's not okay for them to be singers, artists, linguists, geniuses, and sword-fighting-archers with a knack for chess. Good traits are all about balance. Pick two or three and have those ones be dominant. People have good qualities, however much you may hate them- like that annoying know-it-all in your class is probably really studious, and that gossip might be really friendly and outgoing, but few have quite as many as Sues seem to. The Bad A lot of time characters have 'pseudo flaws'- a temper that never gets them into a terrible situation, or their pride never prevents them from seeking desperately needed help. A flaw, to be flaw, must cause a bad thing to happen - from someone disliking your character to accidentally starting a feud between two countries. Keep in mind purely physical things, like clumsiness or being weak, don't count as flaws. If you decide to give that trait to your character, however, it must abide by the flaws-cause-harm rule, and not just be something cute. Also keep in mind that characters will dislike your character because of her flaws. A sensitive character won't like your brash, unsympathetic Sue, and a workaholic character won't like your lazy Sue. A warrior who has seen horrible things won't want to deal with you self-pitying Sue; basically, a character will dislike your character usually because of one of their flaws or because something they perceive as a flaw- like all those ill-timed jokes. The Ugly *stating your character's traits but never showing them. If your character figures things out quickly, and makes clever decisions or bright allusions, we can figure she's smart. We don't need the narrator or the other characters commenting on it. A good trick is to have all of her traits lined up, and try to never use those words in reference to something your character says, dose, or is. If you know your character well, their traits will show. *Mishmash traits with no logical connection. Good and bad go together, hand in hand. If your character is confident, they may also be prideful and arrogant. Or if they are really sweet, perhaps they're a pushover and have no backbone. But don't just toss it traits because you need a flaw- your character should come naturally. The Name Names are extremely important in the Tolkienverse. Elves have many, given to them by many people for many reasons (I am not an expert on Elvish names- check out realelvisdotnet for that- and check out her list of un/trustworthy sites while you're at it). Gondorians are named in Sindarin and Rohirrim usually have Anglo-Saxon names, while Hobbits have very English names (these last two are what Tolkien substituted for their actual languages). That being said, your characters name should be researched. The website above has an excellent selection of Elvish names, and link to find others. You can also check out behindthenamedotcom to look for Anglo-Saxon names or old English names (avoid one with a root dealing with god- religion in ME requires reaserch) Unforgivable mistakes *if your character comes from earth, their name should NOT be: extremely unusual of a race/ethnicity they don't belong to elvish hard to type, read, or pronounce just plain weird. Your character's name isn't a big deal if they are from earth- just call them Sarah or Emily or even Isabella. It can be pretty, but you don't need to go to extreme lengths. Just Google popular baby names of the decade they were born in. *giving a character who is native to middle earth a name from our time. I don't care how much you like Taylor as a name, it doesn't belong in ME. *Giving a character who is native to middle earth the name of a different race, culture, or time. Like I said, names are a big deal in ME. Use them wisely. *naming an elf after someone long ago. Elves don't die. So if you name an elf, say, Galadriel, it's going to be confusing when they all get to Valinor. Also, naming an elf after Lúthien or Arwen just screams Mary-Sue. *naming your character in gibberish. Names, as I'll say once again, have meaning . If you name your character something with no actual meaning other than that it sounds elvish or old fashioned, it just screams laziness. *changing that characters name, or giving them an elvish name, half way through. Once you pick a name, it is what readers and characters use to identify your character. Imagine being forced to start calling your best friend 'Betty' from now on (if your best friend is named Betty, call her Joan). It's not easy for you, and it's not easy for the reader. Appearance Unless your character is an elf, there is no logical reason that they need to be stunningly attractive. But even so, any character being more attractive than every other character in the story (or even all character with the exception of Arwen and Galadriel) is a bit extreme and a red-flag for Sue Haters. It's okay to make your character pretty; if they have brown hair and pretty green eyes, their fine in my book. But if they have dark mahogany hair with red accents and green eyes that sparkled like the ocean, you might have a problem. Over-description This is a huge problem. Often, paragraphs will be devoted to just describing the characters appearance. This just shows that the author A) thinks the characters appearance are super-important, even if it isn't, and/or B) can't figure out how to convey her vision of the character without blocks of description. I think it's okay for the character to mention in passing something about their appearance; nothing like my sea-green eyes looked west or I gathered my blue hair into a ponytail , but there are much subtler, sneakier ways to do this. If your character is an elf, you need only mention what kind- Noldor, Teleri, or Vanyar, and a reader will know their coloring. If your character has a relative, a brief , sensible comparison such as her hair was smother and longer than mine, which I envied can be used (I find this acceptable only with relations). You can mention (again, briefly ) how the character wishes her hair was lighter or less unruly, but make sure to keep it from being overdone. Maybe even say OFC liked wearing blue because it brought out he eyes , but that's pushing it. If her appearance can somehow be used to show something important about her character, you can spare a little descrption on that, but only if it enhances the story rather than takes away from it. Personally, I find only a little description to be really necessary. If characterization is done right, I can often picture her myself. Unusual features No one has eyes that are anything other than blue, green, gray, brown, hazel, or some combination there of. DNA doesn't work like that. Most Rohirrim are blond with blue eyes and most Gondorians are dark-haired with gray eyes. Essentially all elves have gray eyes, but the Noldor have dark hair (yes, some had auburn/red hair, but this was very rare and I advise never giving it to an OC), the Teleri can have silvery-blond hair or hair that's plain silver, and the Vanyar (who are mostly in Valinor) have golden blond hair, so an elf can have any of the above hair colors, so long as you work their genealogy out properly, but not a mix . Now, genetics are what they are, so there's got to be a few exceptions to this rule- not so much with elves, but you can make a Gondorian OC have lighter hair and blue eyes, or a Knight of Rohan can have green eyes. Just keep in mind the basics. Never give your character an unnatural feature, because that will make them seem like a Mary Sue, even if they're perfectly fine characters otherwise. Clothing it's important to not overly describe your character outfits. Maybe if they are dressing particularly formally you can spare a sentence about their dress and hair, or if they are witnessing Middle Earths clothing for the first time, a description is due. Still, it's important for the author to know what style the character is dressed in, so they can mention the character tripping over a hem or their sleeves getting in the way, things like that. I understand that clothing is a big deal- it covers you, keeps you warm, and can define who you are. The same is true for clothing in Middle Earth, but it works differently. Take inspiration from the middle ages, from viking and Anglo-Saxon cultures, and from the Renaissance. Anything later than these will raise eyebrows. I've read stories in which characters attended the council of Elrond in 'strappy tops' and 'short skirts'. These girls would be considered whores. Middle Earth, modesty wise, is like the middle-ages.