Well this story has been in my head for a while and I couldn't focus on my borderlands story so I decided to get it out of my system Austin: yeah along with everything else in that thick head of yours Percy: seriously dude you really need to finish the other one first Me: Shut the hell up, both of you! 3rd Person POV 50 years before It was a peaceful night, the cool wind blew through the grass of the green plains. There were pockets of trees in places, creating shade during the day and a place to sleep in the night. The sky was a midnight blue as the moon showed overhead. One would think this was the most peaceful night ever to happen on this world. They are wrong. If they were to walk over a grassy hill and stare at the once beautiful city, they would be horrified. The towers had collapsed, falling onto other buildings. Civilians ran, screaming from the city gates as fires burned through the streets. Explosions resounded through the night as smoke rose into the sky. Soldiers did their best to get everyone out and save what buildings they could. In the end they succeeded, but with cost. The soldiers had returned to the headquarters of their army. They ran about, trying to get everything back into place, but it was a near hopeless task as a large screen showed in the middle of the room played a news report. "City destroyed, millions killed." People were crying, some holding their heads down in respect. Men and women looked in horror at the screen as smoke still rose from destroyed districts of their once mighty city, but they all knew it had fallen because down the hall laughter could be heard. Laughter full of insanity and evil happiness, evil happiness that meant one had succeeded in their evil plans. Beyond a large black door that was guarded by many guards sat a man in a black cloak over a grey t-shirt and worn jeans. He would be considered handsome except that his history would take out all thought of his appearance. His eyes' irises glowed red with energy and a smile full of madness was on his face. He sat, tied to a steel chair bolted to the ground. A desk stood in front of him and in front of that was a taller man. He was pale and his irises were space black. His hair was as white as a blinding light and he wore a business suit, but what he was doing was more than business to him. "WHY'D YOU DO IT," he screamed, "Tell me!?" "Why, you want to try it too," the other man mocked and laughed. "D****t," he yelled, "I trusted you, she trusted you and you destroyed everything you swore to protect." "Really, I'm sure the city's still standing," he said and the tall man grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and lifted him up, the bolted chair was ripped out of the ground. "I should kill you," he stated, but the other man smiled. "But your little girl wouldn't like that now would she," he mocked and he threw him into the wall. "She's gone now," the tall man said, tears starting to flow. "I know, I was there," the other man said, getting up and he put the chair back in place before sitting in it again. "Your a monster," the tall man said. "No, I'm your son in law," he said and the man lifted him up again. "By the code of the ancient laws, I here by banish you to Tartarus for all time," he stated before opening a portal underneath him. "Exiling me won't save you," he said, "I will return and have vengeance!" He dropped the cloaked man into the portal and closed it. He sat in the steel chair and wept, he had lost his daughter, his city, and now his son in law. "If he is to truly come back, I hope a hero will rise to stop him," Chaos spoke. Percy pov Present It has been 5 years since I left all those ungrateful bastards at the gods forsaken camp. It's also been the best 5 years of my life ever since I met my best friend named Nate and he has been letting me live with him here in his house. It was a simple two-story house but it had a greenhouse on the right side of the house. It had a pool and a hot-tub in the back and a sun room on the left side of it. But anyways that's beside the point, here's what happened at camp 5 years ago. -Flashback- I had just come back from a quest given to me by Athena for permission to marry my beloved Annabeth. We have been dating for a while now and I love her with all my heart. So here I was back in camp looking for her when I see Chiron teaching a kid I didn't know how to hold a sword properly. I walk up to him and tap him on the shoulder. He looks at me and says, "Percy my boy, welcome back," "thanks Chiron but anyways, do you know where Annabeth is? I've been looking for her since I got back." I said. "I'm not sure but I think I saw her by the beach, you could try there," he said, "thanks again Chiron," I said walking away. I walked down to the beach and saw a blond haired girl making out with some guy. I was going to walk away and leave them be when I heard something that stopped me cold, "babe when are you going to break up with my loser of a half brother," See a few months ago I got a half brother named Tyler and when he got here he killed a hellhound with a sword and ever since, he thinks that he is the greatest thing to grace the planet earth. "When he comes back from the quest he got, I will tell him we are over," I heard her say. "Well, save the oxygen then Annabeth because I'm standing right here," I said with the calmest expression on my face that no one would expect for someone in my position. "Oh well then I guess we are through, see ya Percy," she said and started making out with my brother again. I walked away, went back to my cabin packed my things and left the camp without looking back, but then the gods appeared in front of me. "Percy Jackson, you dare to try and escape," Zeus bellowed. "What," I asked. "We know it was you who opened the gates of Tartarus," he yelled. "I wouldn't do that, hades I even closed the doors of death," I said, but he ignored me. "You will not listen to your lies, now you will die," he stated and readied his master bolt. I looked around and saw most of the gods looking away, not wanting to see me incinerated except for a few of the gods who hated me. Before he threw his master bolt I used a new trick I had learned, I vapor traveled out and into Canada. I fell onto the ground, gasping for air. Vapor travel was an amazing power, but it took most of my energy out of me. If I used it twice I'd probably die. After a while and fainting for an hour or two I got up and looked around. I was in the middle of the woods, but I could hear cars nearby. I walked for a bit and came to a highway leading into a city. "Guess I'll stay here," I thought and started my new journey. -Flashback End- I wandered for a few months , going from city to city until I reached Quebec, Canada where I met Nate. (Face it, Canada is awesome) -Flashback- I was at a casino in Quebec but I wasn't here for the games but to stay for a few days before I hit the road again. I was looking around when I heard a commotion a few rows away. I went to take a look and I saw a big burly guy with like three other guys looking really mad at this kid that was maybe 16 years old wearing a black sweatshirt with a purple trim, black skinny jeans and a pair of black Jordan's with the sole and ties being purple. I was about to walk away thinking that this kid just stole something from these guys when I saw the guys lunge at the kid but the kid, with impressive speed, dodged them and rolled to a stop. The guys got ready to attack again and the kid got ready to defend himself. The three guys that were with the leader lunged at the kid but he jumped up above them and slammed his feet on one guys head, knocking him out cold. Then he punched Big Guy #2 in the face then upper cutted him and kicked him in the 'spot'. Then he used 2 to jump up over 3 and cross-chop him on the neck, knocking him out. All that happened in less than 3 minutes, mainly because the big guys were slow even for me. Then the leader lunged at 'black', as I started to call the kid, but black ducked under him, kneed him in the 'spot', then elbowed him in stomach and kicked him in the side and sent him flying into a slot machine. The dealer just looked at black, shook his head, and gave him like 3 brief cases of money. Black then left the casino and I followed him, I already had my stuff since I was going to leave anyway. I followed him to the edge of the forest when he turned around and looked me straight in the eye. "Why are you following me?" He asked me, "I wanted to know how you took out four guys three times your size," I said. "When you gamble you have to learn how to defend yourself," he said, "hey, you look alright. You want to come back with me to my place?" He asked. "Sure," I said since I had nothing better to do. We walked back to his house and I had to admit it was impressive. (Look up at the top for a description of the house I'm not repeating) We walked in and he set the brief cases on the table and went into the kitchen. He came back with two Mt Dews and he handed one to me, "so what's your name?" He asked me, "Percy Jackson," I said. "Percy Jackson...as in THE Percy Jackson, the one who saved Olympus?" He asked, "Yeah, how do you know that?" I asked, "I'm a descendent of Fortuna, that's why I win a lot when I gamble," he said, "she tells me what's going on in Olympus through dreams, so I know all about you," he finished. "Ok, what's your name?" I asked, "well when I gamble I go by Dante but when I'm by myself or with someone I trust I go by Nate," he said, "why do you go by Dante when you gamble?" I asked. "When you gamble you make a lot of enemies so you want a cover name," he said. We walked into the living room and sat down on he laid down on the couch and I sat on a VERY comfortable chair. "How can you afford all this, you look like your 16?" I asked, "First of all, I am 16 and second is from the money I win," he answered, "hey you can live here if you want. Your more than welcome here and you seem like a nice person," he said. "I think I'll accept that, you do have a very nice place,"I said. -Flashback