Hello viewers Sorry to my long time followers about the sudden boom in stories I just have a lot of ideas I'm pitching out and don't want to forget them This is a Percy goes against Olympus story just so you know Percy: Do I go dark and kill people? Me: No Percy: Alright So here we go 5 4 3 2 1 Begin Percy POV "So who are we looking for," I asked, we were currently in Wichita, Kansas on a quest. Annabeth sighed. "We're looking for a demigod traitor who supported Kronos and Gaea when they attempted their take overs," she said, angrily. She's been getting really angry at me ever since my half-brother joined. Oh, I should probably introduce myself. I'm Percy Jackson, the 19 year old son of Poseidon and yes, the greek gods are real. They've been moving along with Western Civilization since their time. So any way my half-brother, Chuck Derkins (Reference to my other story, Percy Jackson and the Chaotic Legion) came to camp and practically ruined my life. First, he says he killed the hellhounds that were chasing him when actually I did with some help from our resident dragon, Peleus. Second, he pranked and stole from the camp, then blamed it on me. Finally, he made everyone I know hate me by taking or destroying their personal belongings. He had flooded Katie's garden, stole the Stoll's drachmas, broke Clarisse's new Maimer, flooded the Hephaestus and Apollo cabins, painted the Artemis cabin black, burned the Big House and the Zeus Cabin, broke Thalia's bow and arrows, and burned Nico's pictures of his dead sister Bianca. Our dad even disowned me because I was apparently saying I should be the sea god and not him. Everyone hated me, so currently I was on a quest with Annabeth, my girlfriend and a daughter of Athena along with Chuck. Tagging along was Thalia and Nico as back up in case we needed it. "So we're going after him why," I asked and they all glared at me. "He's been terrorizing campers on quests and camp along with the Hunters of Artemis," Thalia answered, "Not to mention that demigod children that are suppose to be going to camp are going missing everyday." "So he's behind it all," I asked and they nodded. "He should be in this general area," Annabeth said as we entered a town square, "People say he wear's a black cloak over a black t-shirt with a red symbol on it and jeans." "You mean like that," Nico said and pointed to a figure who was turned around, but a red symbol was on the back of his cloak. He turned around and we saw his face. A scar ran across right cheek, but his features were sharp and he showed no emotion until he saw us and anger crossed his face. (Imagine him like Khan from Star Trek Into Darkness) He ran and we all chased after him. "I got him," Chuck said and made water come out of a hose that created a wall in front of him. Suddenly, he held out his hand and a red beam of energy that had red lightning coursing on it fired into Chuck's wall. It dissipated and he ran through the steam, we followed through and Chuck rode a water wave in the air. The man jumped onto a crate, then onto a balcony and into a house. "This way," Annabeth yelled and we followed her to behind the building where he jumped out a "closed" window. Glass flew everywhere and we stumbled back to not get hit by the sharp pieces. He pushed Nico and Thalia out of his way before running down an alley. "Thalia, Nico cut him off," Annabeth ordered, "Me and Chuck will go straight for him." "What about me," I asked and she glared. "You can go stay out of the way," she said and I felt my heart break, that was harsh even for her. They ran their separate ways as I stood there. "Why does she hate me," I wondered and kicked a piece of glass. Suddenly, there was a shimmer in it and I looked to see a reflection of the roof where the man was running on. I looked back to see him jumping off rooftops and I used some water to propel myself. I chased after him and tackled him. We ended up flying into a window of an old factory. He quickly got up and pulled out a large double edged blade as I uncapped Riptide. "The great Percy Jackson, an honor," he said, calmly. "Thanks, I don't get much recognition anymore," I said. "Wonder why, you did save Olympus twice," he asked as we circled each other. "My half-brother came to camp, started making everyone hate me," I answered. "Sounds a lot like my story," he stated and we stopped circling. "How, your a demigod traitor," I said and he laughed. "I am no traitor, nor am I demigod," he said and I gasped. "Your a clear-sighted mortal, but how did you do that energy blast thing," I asked. "While the immortals use their powers, we humans rely on our skill and technology," he said, revealing his arm to be in a gauntlet like armor with a red circle in the palm of his hand. "Looks like something out of a sci fi movie," I said and he nodded. "Because I use godly magic to power it," he said and pointed it at me, "Care for a demonstration?" Suddenly, I felt weak and fell onto my knees as a red streak of lightning struck me and sucked out my godly energy as I screamed in pain. He stopped and I barely got back up. "That's strong, but why didn't you kill me," I asked. "Please Perseus, we are alike in many ways, you and I," he said and I looked at him funny. "How am I even close to what you are, you kill demigods before they get to camp and harass the Hunt," I said. "I do not kill them, merely take them with me to my home," he said and walked over to a keypad on a wall next to a set of elevator doors. He typed something and the doors opened, showing a golden portal. "What is that," I asked. "The doorway to my home," he said and walked through. I stood there, tempted to go in and caved in. I walked through, hesitantly and reappeared in a town square like place. The buildings were clean and neat, people went about their daily business. I saw the man standing in the middle of a crowd that dispersed when he looked at me. "Guards, please escort Perseus here to my home," he said and two armored Laistrygonian giants with one bladed axes that had glowing blue blades walked up next to me. I walked over to him and gasped, below laid out was an enormous city on an island. "What is this place," I asked. They led me to a manor and up some stairs within to a large room where the man stood on a balcony. They bowed and walked out the door, probably to guard it from there. "Detroit Beta," he answered, "My home and the home of every demigod, demititan, even monsters and clear sighted mortal I have rescued." "Rescued, that's what you've been doing to them," I asked and he nodded. "Did you know that even when the gods agreed to claim their children at age 13, they never even sent them to camp," he said and I gasped. "They lied to me," I thought, angrily. "The gods you believe in are corrupt and wish me gone because I instigate revolution," he said. "What is your name anyway," I asked and he looked at me. "My true name has been forgotten as the ages passed, hell even I've forgotten," he said and pointed at his head, "Probably still up here some where though." "So what name do you use now," I asked. "They call me Revan," he said, "The Freedom Fighter." "The gods call you a terrorist," I said and he nodded. "They're fools, every single one," he stated, "To arrogant and obnoxious, making their children do the hard work as they drink nectar and laugh as they fail their quests." I started to feel uneasy about his tone of voice, how it shifted from calm to rage. "I'm going to go to the bathroom," I said and he pointed to a door in the room behind us. I went in and sat on the toilet, thinking when suddenly an IM appeared. "Percy," Thalia said, "Where are you!?" "With Revan," I answered, quickly. "Who," she asked. "Revan, the guy we were chasing," I said, "You guys missed him jumping across rooftops so I chased him and he took me to his island paradise." "This better not be a joke," she snarled and I shook my head. "I'm serious, he has a lot of hate on our parents," I said and she nodded. "So are you going to kill him," she asked. "I can't," I said, "He has some kind of weapon that can drain me of my godly energy." She looked stunned and said, "Okay, try to get out of there and meet us back in the town square." I nodded and she disappeared. I walked back out to see him looking at me. "If you wish to leave now, you may," he said and I nodded, "However, remember to never trust the gods." I nodded again and the guards led me back to the town square where a portal reappeared and I was sent back to the old factory. After walking for an hour and asking for directions, I made it back to the town square. "Percy, there you are," Thalia said and everyone glared at me. "How was your visit to Revan's island paradise, traitor," Chuck mocked and I glared back. "I'm not a traitor, he showed me the place and kicked me back out," I said and they just scoffed. "Let's just get back to Olympus," Nico said and shadow traveled us. We reappeared in the throne room and Thalia caught him as he collapsed. "Demigods, you have returned," Zeus said and all the gods looked at us. I looked back to see all the campers from Camp Half Blood and Camp Jupiter sitting in foldable chairs. "How did your quest go," Poseidon asked, "I won't need to ask since Chuck probably gutted this traitor." "No we didn't because Percy was busy helping him," Chuck said and everyone looked at me in disbelief. "I, I wasn't helping him," I argued and they all glared. "Only a traitor would say that," Annabeth said and I stared at her in disbelief, mouth hanging open and eyes wide. "But, I'm your boyfriend," I said and she laughed. "Your so dumb you didn't even realize that Chuck and I have been together," she mocked and kissed my brother to prove it. Tears started to stream down my face as I watched in horror, hoping it was just a nightmare. "No," I murmured as everyone laughed at me. "Now, let it be put to a vote," Zeus bellowed, "Shall he killed or should we allow him amnesty if he tells us the location of Revan!?" "All in favor of Tartarus, raise your," he asked and himself, my ex-father, Ares, Artemis, and half of Camp Half Blood raised their hands. "All in favor of Percy Jackson living, vote now," Zeus asked and everyone else raised their hands. "Very well," he said, "Where is Revan?" I just stood there, thinking. "Should I tell them and let everyone on that island suffer or sacrifice myself so Revan can revolt against them," I thought and made my choice. "I won't tell," I said and everyone gasped, "Revan showed me the truth, you all just leave your children to be abused in favor