Chapter 1 Jason's Point of View "For your final this semester, I'm assigning you a project," Mr. Brunner begins. Inwardly, I sigh of relief. A project means one less class I'll have to study for. "Now, I'm giving you quite a bit of leeway here; your only guidelines are that it has to be a presentation- Yes, yes, quiet down. We haven't done a single presentation yet this year, and you all know that public speaking is one of our standards. It needs to be 5-7 minutes long and on one of the books we've read so far this year. You must demonstrate that you have a full understanding of one of the topics, themes, characters, etc. It'll be due the last class period before winter break, meaning you have two weeks to complete it. Are there any questions?" Someone in the back of the class speaks up. "Do we get partners?" "Ah, Yes,-" The class cuts him off to cheer. "But I've already chosen them for you," he finishes firmly, causing the class to groan collectively. Including me. Last time, I got paired with this girl named Clarisse. She didn't give me any say in anything, but bossed me around the whole time. Not to mention that she probably could have beat me up, despite me being on the varsity football time. Mr. Brunner wheels his wheelchair around to the side of the classroom and starts reading out names from a list he's already printed out. "Piper and Leo…" Ha, that sucks for her. Leo's been a close friend since elementary school, but I wouldn't want to do a project with him. He's this scrawny kid who spends all of his time in auto shop and never stops moving. Or talking. "...Octavian and Reyna…" That also sucks for her. Octavian is another scrawny kid, only instead of just being annoying, he's also an asshole. "… Percy and Frank, Rachel and Grover…" I zone out until I hear my name. "Jason and Nico, Will and Travis…" Fuck. I sneak a look back at him, and his look of annoyance probably mirrors my own. Nico di Angelo is quiet, friendless, and, if I'm being completely honest, a little bit creepy. He's dressed in all black with a skull both on his black shirt and a silver ring he wears on his finger. He wears an aviator jacket that he almost never takes off. His jeans are dark wash and ripped at the knee, but unintentionally, like they're just really old. His hair is dark, too, and curly. He never quite meets anybody's eye, and he seems to have perfected the art of blending into the shadows. He only moved here about a year ago; he lives with my friend Percy, because his parents didn't want him or something. I'm not really sure; there are a lot of rumors going around about him. I guess working with him wouldn't be that bad if it weren't for my friends. How do I put this? They've not exactly been very nice to him. I feel sorta bad about it, but I haven't done much to stop them either. And I mean, he kind of makes himself an easy target, sitting alone everyday with a pair of headphones in. But he probably hates me now, and sort of looks like he could kill me at any moment. Awesome. Mr. Brunner's voice interrupts my thoughts. "I'll give you the last few minutes of class to meet with your partner and brainstorm. Remember, I'll be checking to make sure both students give in equal effort!" Reluctantly I begin to gather my things and head towards Nico, but when I turn around, he's standing right in front of me. I jump. He's already on the floor picking up my things before I even realize that I dropped them. "Sorry," he says timidly as he hands me back my things. Weird. I didn't really expect him to have good manners, especially because he looks like if he could have killed everybody in the room by now, he would have. I sit back down in my chair as he pulls out another from the desk next to me. As he does, I notice that his hand is shaking. "So…" I say, unsure of exactly where to begin. "Got any ideas?" Maybe if I let us do what he wants, he won't be so bad. He just shrugs. His apparent nonchalance is ruined by his shaking hands and his jiggling legs. I wonder what's making him so nervous. I try again. "What's your favorite book we've read so far this year? As long as it's not Shakespeare, I'm down for anything," I say lightheartedly. He doesn't smile. He considers this for a moment, then quietly speaks. He has to repeat himself because he's so quiet the first time. "I really liked To Kill a Mockingbird," he says. His voice shakes. "Oh, yeah, me too!" I say a little too enthusiastically. He looks at me like I've grown another head. I cough. "Um, yeah, we should do that." He continues to stare at me as I wait for a response. I realize that I'm not going to get one, and continue talking. "What do you want to do then? We could analyze themes, characters, I don't know," I say exasperatedly. "Help me out here." He just looks up at me, with his big, dark eyes, and it's like he can see right through me. Like I'm transparent. It scares me a little bit, but I meet his eye anyways. We hold eye contact for what seems like ages, before he finally opens his mouth. "The bell's about to ring. Can we meet at your house-?" "No!" I interrupt him, a little too loudly, and a little too quickly. Oops. My mom doesn't exactly appreciate company. And even if she did, she would probably make even Nico uncomfortable. He looks at me strangely. "Uh, my house then? "Oh," I say embarrassed. "Uh- Yeah, I've got football though, 'till 5:30. You live with Percy, though, right? I've been there. And it's only a couple blocks from me, I can just walk." He merely shrugs and nods before the bell interrupts the class and everyone scrambles to leave. He rushes off and disappears out of my sight before I realize he left his English textbook behind. I hurry out of the door, turning right and left and right again before I catch a glimpse of him turning a corner. "Hey Nico!" I shout, but he doesn't hear me. "Nico!" I begin to jog, only to get yelled at by a teacher stepping out of his classroom. I resolve to walk quickly, saying "excuse me" repeatedly as I push my way through the crowd of kids on their way to lunch. I finally catch up with him, saying his name as I tap him on the shoulder. And he flips out. He nearly jumps out of his skin, dropping his books everywhere, and, before I know it, I'm pinned against a locker, the lock digging against my back. "Dude, what the hell?" I choke out. His forearm is blocking my throat and I can barely breathe. His eyes widen in realization and he releases me. I see an apology start to form on his frantic lips, but it doesn't get any farther than that. Instead, he says, "I don't like to be touched. Don't ever do that again." He's threatening for someone so small, for someone who has to stand on his toes to even reach my throat. His cheeks are bright red, too, and I can tell he's embarrassed. That, or I really scared him. Maybe a little bit of both. People are staring at us as they walk by, and he looks around worriedly, before stooping down to pick up his books. Is dropping our books going to become a regular thing? I lean down to help him. "You, um, forgot your English textbook," I say as I thrust it into his arms. His cheeks turn an even darker shade of red when he realizes I was trying to help him, before he went all crazy on me. If I'm being honest though, I feel like I should be angry, but I'm not. I just feel… bad. I feel bad for him, I think. And confused. He's been pretty much completely unresponsive to everything and everyone ever since he came here. He never speaks in class. He sits by himself every day. He ignores almost everyone who tries to talk to him, even when they shout cruel names. He talks to his half-sister, Hazel, and his cousin, Percy. Percy and I are friends- well, sort of. Acquaintances, really. Oh, we like each other, but there's always been a bit of a competition between us, as two of the most popular guys in school. We've hung out a few times, though, and have always gotten along relatively well. Percy won't talk about him, though. He half-heartedly tells off anyone who says mean things about him, but that's as far as he goes. But anyways, this is the most I've ever seen him talk. And I'm not entirely sure what to make of him anymore. I could just write him off as being creepy and a loner, but… I don't know. I have this feeling I can't shake as I walk to lunch. What would have made him so nervous? And so jumpy? After practice, though I'm exhausted, I walk to Nico's house. It's not a long walk; I've been in Percy's room, and you can see the school from his window. It looks like it's about to rain, though, and my hair is still wet from the shower, and all I have on is a thin sweatshirt. By the time I reach his front doorstep, I'm shivering and my hands look blue. I've barely pressed the doorbell when Sally, Percy's mom, opens the door. She's wearing a cream sweater with a pair of plaid pajama pants, as though she hasn't left the house all day. I'm betting she hasn't; she owns a pizza shop with her boyfriend, Mr. Blofis, who also teaches at our school, but it's doing so well that she rarely has to go in. She uses the extra time to work on a novel she's writing. "Oh, come in, come in, you look freezing!" She says, and I am, so I do. The moment I walk in, warmth covers me like a blanket. She ushers me further inside and sits me down at their kitchen table, across from Mr. Blofis. "Dinner should be here soon, we ordered Chinese. Would you like some hot cocoa?" She asks, though she's already pulling out a mug before I can answer. "Paul, would you get the others?" "Percy! Hazel! Nico!" He shouts, his voice carrying all the way up the stairs. Sally turns away from the milk she's heating up and reprimands him. "I could have done that!" He shrugs and shamefully looks down at the floor, repressing a smile. Percy comes bounding down the stairs first, and then Hazel. "Hey man," Percy says casually, already in a pair of pajamas with little surfboards on them. "Hi Jason!" Hazel says sweetly, as always. She's wearing a long white nightgown with a sweatshirt thrown over it, and her hair has been lazily thrown up. Paul and I are the only ones who are actually dressed. That is, until Nico comes down the stairs. He's still dressed, but he's changed out of his clothes from earlier. For once, he's not wearing his aviator jacket, but a white long sleeve shirt. His jeans are black too, but he ruins the look by wearing a pair of purple fuzzy socks on his feet. I eye them questioningly, and he glares at me. Wow, this is off to a great start. Sally walks over to me with a mug of hot chocolate right as the doorbell rings. "Ah, that'll be the