Warning: It's slightly aghasty and a little rushed according to me. Oh and if you don't review I am not responsible to any harm cause by my pet hellhound :D Pairing: Nico/Will. Mentions of other pairings. . . I think. Word count: 7,710 (Including authors note and stuff) Disclaimer: I am not a dude and hence I don't own . . . Unless you guys want to help me do something about that *wiggles eyebrows suggestively* huh? Huh? Authors note is at the bottom my sugar puffs. Don't ask where I came up with that xD I get very weird after 4am . The knock on the door startled Nico out of his daze, but he made no move to open it. He did not want any company. Why didn't people get that? He just wanted to be left alone with his thoughts and his tears. "Nico. Please Nico, let me in" the muffled voice pleaded at the other end. It wasn't hard to guess who it was. "Nico please. She was my cousin Nico. I know how you're feeling" He sounded as broken as Nico felt. He gulped and slowly stood up, moving his legs for the first time in what felt like centuries. He had been sitting in the dark corner of his bedroom ever since they came back from the funeral. It was all kind of a blur for him really, all he remembered was the way she looked, so normal, like she was sleeping. She looked almost. . . Peaceful. Like the last few months had been nothing but a nightmare, like she had never gotten sick, never went through chemotherapy, never lost her hair and she never— He was brought out of his train of thought when he felt Percy embracing him tightly. He hadn't even realised that he had opened the door and let his cousin inside. Nico felt the collar of the dress shirt he had worn for the funeral choke him slightly, but he made no move against his cousin. The comfort felt good. "Nico" Percy sounded broken, like he had finally given up. Nico had never heard him sound like that before. He was Percy after all. He was always so strong, so calm, so collected and always full of hope. Now his vibrant green eyes appeared to be dull and his usual smile was missing. Nico could not bear to look at Percy this way. It didn't seem right. He was just. . . Percy. Percy Jackson. The same person who always put up with Nico's obsessive habits, over excited chatter, crazy schemes and even his excessive mood swings. He was the same person who did not cry when his father walked out on him and his mother, the same person who was always there for everybody. He was the one who stayed strong throughout the whole ordeal, he was there for Nico when he broke down, he was there for Thalia when she shut herself from the world and he was also there for Jason when he was completely depressed and now. . he sounded so ... destroyed. "Percy" Nico's voice was so hoarse, it hurt to speak. "Nico don't shut me out now, please Nico. I can't loose you too" Nico nodded into Percy's chest, clutching his T-shirt tightly as he desperately tried to keep his tears at bay. He was so tired of crying. All he wanted was this to end, for it to go back the way it was a year ago, when they were all happy. He tightened his grip on his cousin, wishing he could be a child again, when everything was simple. Percy held onto him like his life depended on it. He wasn't going to let go, no matter what. He would stay strong for all of them. He had to. Holding back tears, he whispered soothing words into Nico's ears. The boys stood together for a long time, comforting each other, trying to fill up the gaping hole in their hearts. *Line break* The silence was deafening, as they sat at the table, each of them picking their food, longing to be anywhere but here, longing for happier times. The once happy and lively home had been reduced to a destroyed mess. The once happy members, had been reduced to whispered comforts and broken promises. Nico had nothing left in him. He left numb. Like he had lost all connections with his emotions. He didn't know what to do anymore. "Nico." Thalia said, breaking the silence that seemed to be drowning out all the usual sounds of their surroundings. "How-how are you holding up Neeks?" Her voice broke at the end as she used the childhood nickname. "I'm fine" he replied, more sharply than he intended to, but he didn't regret it. He was just too tired of everything. He wanted everyone to stop worrying about him. He was perfectly alright on his own. He didn't need them to look after him. He just wanted to be left alone. Was that to much to ask? Thalia sighed sadly. "Please Nico. Don't shut us out." He wished she would just stop trying. It was no use. He was not going to open up and talk to her or any of them about it. He wasn't good with expressing his feelings. "I told you I'm fine Thalia." His voice held no emotion, his face was expressionless. "Nico." She tried again. Then he snapped. He was just so tired. It was the same thing everyday. They all tried to talk to him, tried to get him out of his shell, tried to get him to laugh, to cry, to do anything, but it was of knew use. Nico was not stupid. He knew what they were trying help him, but he just didn't have it in him anymore. He was exhausted. He just wanted to sleep forever, he just wanted to escape the constant pain. "I told you I am fine Thalia. Just stop trying." He regretted the words as soon as they spilled out of his mouth. He didn't mean to hurt her. He just wanted her to stop. He stood up, abruptly. He couldn't stand to look at the sadness in their eyes anymore. "I'm going to my room." And then he was gone. Line break It started with a cold. She had a tired day in college , and when she came home, she just collapsed on the couch, to tired to get any farther. Bianca hated being sick. It had always reminded her of her life after her mother died, which was less than pleasant for the both of them. He remembered it like yesterday. Coming home to find her passed out on the couch, panicking when she did not wake up, calling the ambulance, waiting impatiently in the horrid waiting room with Percy and Thalia, while Jason tried his hardest to get someone to cover his shift at the restaurant he worked in, the look on the doctors face when he came to deliver to news to them. She had cancer. His sister had cancer. He still had a hard time believing the events of the past months. It was filled with so much heartache and pain. He couldn't believe that it had been six months since she— The knock on the door shattered his train of thought. He scowled. Why didn't they just leave him alone? That was he asked for. "Nico, I just wanted to tell you that I signed you up for therapy. You have an appointment tomorrow at 3" came Jason's stern voice. Nico stood up from where he was sitting in the corner of his bedroom. He opened the door to find Jason leaning against the door frame. Nico glared at him. "I don't need therapy Jason. I am perfectly alright." He said. Jason laughed. It was a sharp, mocking, sarcastic laugh that made Nico wince. He never thought he would hear Jason ever laugh like that. Jason looked nothing like the boy Nico grew up with. He looked like he hadn't slept properly in days. His usual electric blue eyes had lost their spark and looked dead, like all the life had been sucked out of him. His once neatly ironed clothes were now crumpled and haphazard, like he couldn't be bothered with it anymore. But he no longer had the haunted look in his eyes, the look at Nico still held, which had once been reflected in Jason's eyes. Jason and Bianca had a very odd relationship. They hadn't liked each other at first. They were simply too different, polar opposites in fact. Nico could still remember the first time they met each other, the excitement that drained out of their faces when they realised that they had almost nothing in common. But they eventually learned to live together. They got over their difference and became close, inseparable in fact. Jason, Nico, Percy, Thalia and Bianca didn't know each other until Nico turned 5 years old. Apparently, their fathers had made a pact when they were younger that they would not have any children. But, being the people they were, none of them kept their word. It wasn't until Nico's mother died that he met Percy. Aunt Sally, was the sweetest person he had ever met and her son Percy was the coolest person he had ever met. Bianca and Percy got along perfectly well to. His father, the nicest of the three brothers, often asked Sally to look after his children as he had quite a busy schedule. Nico met Thalia and Jason at some party that he was forced to go to the same year he had met Percy. Turns out, they were all cousins and that there fathers were all grade A a-holes who walked out on their mothers but eventually came back when they realised that they did need heirs. Nico hadn't understood much at that time, seeing as he was only 5, but all he knew was that he liked the new the additions to his small family and that he was going to keep them no matter what. Since then, the children grew up together, often staying over at Percy's house (since his mother was the awesome compared to Thalia's and Jason's mum and Nico's mother was dead, so they preferred to go to Percy's house) and they grew as close as siblings. A couple years ago, Percy turned eighteen and eventually he and Thalia found their own place together. It started out as there place, but since the others spent do much time there, they decided to just move into a bigger place, where all of them got their own room and everything. They were all happy, content living together, until of course the last year and a half happened. Bianca dying was to much to take. She was diagnosed with cancer on January 18th and they all just... broke. None of them were new to loss. Thalia and Jason lost their mother when she OD'ed a few years ago. Percy lost all contact with his father after he walked out on him and his mother for the second time, when he fell in love with some model who was fifteen years younger than him. But loosing Bianca was the worst of all. They always had each other to count on when their parents failed them. And now... Nico had taken her death worst of all. It was understandable, seeing at they did share the same parents after all. Before Percy, Thalia and Jason came along, it had been just the both of them against the world. And now, she was gone and Nico felt completely and utterly lost. It had been exactly six months since the day she had died and Nico was no closer to moving on than the day she died. He worried to others immensely. He didn't eat properly anymore, he didn't speak, he didn't do his homework and he was