"PART I "THE SPARK" I laid on my bed tangled in my sheets staring up at the ceiling of my room as sweet ran down my face. Another nightmare had come to assault my dreams. It had been the fifth one this week. And if that wasn't torture enough, whenever I woke up screaming I always woke up alone. My father, brother, and my mother refused to come to live at my new house saying that they need to work at the bakery though we had enough money to buy all the goods in our bakery; but they do visit often. Then there was Peeta . . ., we had little to none ever since we had our homecoming party. How could we when I found out on the train all the words of love that fell from his lips and every kiss we shared we shared, everything wasn't real; they were lies, fake everything. All of it for the stupid cameras, he never truly loved me; he just did it to keep both of us alive. As I remembered his confession on the train on our way back to district twelve, it started to feel like I was drowning in heartache as I started to gasp for air. I had to get out of this place. I got up as quickly as I could and walked to the bathroom, hopping into the shower. I scrubbed as hard as I could hoping all the memories that the Games had caused would wash down the drain like the dirt and filth did from my body. I turned off the hot water before quickly got dressed in a plain teal evergreen shirt and long blue pants. I got the bread I had made last night, got my jacket and gloves on before walking out into the bitter cold as new snow started to fall. I walked across the street to the house which was occupied by the Peeta's and mine former mentor and now somewhat of a friend, Haymitch. When I walked through the door, I was assaulted by the smell of rotten food, dirty laundry, and . . . pine trees? "…you should've asked Katniss." I heard Peeta said. "Maybe I should've." Haymitch snarled back. You could easily tell he was having one of his famous hangovers. "Ask me what?" I asked as I walked into the kitchen. I went to Haymitch's side and held out my hand for his knife he always slept with. "Asked you to wake me without giving me pneumonia." Haymitch said sarcasm dripping from his words as he passed over his knife. He handed it over and I doused the knife in the white liquid in one of the bottles on the floor before whipping it on my shirt. I started to cut the bread into slices. Haymitch grabbed a piece and shoved it into his mouth, causing me to lose my appetite. "Do you want any?" I asked stiffly, looking at Peeta for the first time since I came into the room. "No, I already ate at the Hob with Gazle." Peeta said stiffly back. I felt my muscles at the mention of Gazle; though there was no surprise there since they obviously favor each other. "Thanks though." "No problem." I said looking back down at the bread. I heard Haymitch swallow before he spoke. "Burr. You two have got a lot of warming up to do before show-time." I had almost forgotten that today was the day of the beginning of our Victors Tour. The Victors Tour takes place six months after the Games, tour would be held to keep memory of the Games fresh in everyone's mind. It starts in district twelve and counts down until we come to our district as the last one. As a rule of thumb, all the districts are supposed to act happy and cheer on the victor, although many of them are very bitter and angry at the loss of loved ones. They start off in the highest numbered district and count down, skipping the victor's district and saving it for last. In each District, they give a speech and attend a dinner. The Capitol throws a huge feast for the victor's district where all the residents must attend. In my opinion Tour was basically one of the many ways the Capitol showed we were powerless against them. Haymitch, as hung over or drunk he was, he was right. The camera's and the people of Panem would be expecting the two lover birds that won the Games and were completely in love. Not two people who could barely look at each other in the eye along with talking. "Take a bath Haymitch." Was all Peeta said before he swung out he window and jogged back to his house. I sighed before turning to Haymitch. "Do you want any help?" I asked. "I can do it on my own, Catnip." Haymitch said before stumbling his way to the bathroom. I walked back to my house only to be welcomed by Cinna and my prep team. They were eager to get me ready for the cameras. They were quick with my make up and hair; brushing, styling, and putting light make up on that would hide the dark circles under my eyes. When i was ready, they told me to just walk outside. I did as I was told, walking into the newly falling snow. I had barley made it half way across the road when I felt familiar strong arms wrap around my waist and lift me off the ground. "Peeta put me down." I said in my best giddy girly voice, knowing the cameras were rolling. Peeta 'slipped' on the ice sending both of us to the ground laughing; me on top of him. I turn around still in Peeta's arms before pressing my lips to his. Even after what Peeta did, I couldn't abandon him, no matter how much it hurt me. The rest of the day was a blur of getting to the station, saying goodbye to everyone, the train pulling out, the old team, Peeta and me, Effie and Haymitch, Cinna and Portia, Peeta's stylist, dinned on an indescribably delicious meal I didn't remember, and before I know it I'm staring up at my ceiling, to afraid to go to sleep. Dawn came before sleep did, but just as the sunlight started to make its way into my bedroom I decided I would talk to Peeta about my behavior before sleep finally came for me. Though, in my dream I was chased by the horrifying dead trips, with bloody faces, ripped out throats, and blank unseeing eyes. I was just grateful when I felt Haymitch's hand shacking me awake for lunch. The two of us walked down to lunch in silence. I wasn't in the mood for talking and Haymitch didn't seem so either. When we reached to dining car, everyone was there except Peeta. Oh well, he probably slept in as well. A little ways into lunch Peeta came in, everyone was talking about how they slept and how they were excited for the Tour. Well it was more like everyone was excited for the Tour except Haymitch, who had an ice-bag on pressed to his head as he slowly ate a muffin, no doubt trying to get rid of his hang over. As everyone talked, I secretly watched as Peeta played with his bowl of broth, seeming lost in thought as he ate a spoonful or two. Peeta didn't join in on the conversation, not saying I didn't much either but I did a little. Everyone noticed as they tried to bring him into the conversation, but he just brushed them off. At some point the train stopped. It wasn't just for fuel stop they also need some part had to be replaced that would take an hour or so. That sent Effie into a mood. She pulled out her schedule and began to work out how the delay would impact every event for the rest of our lives. All of a sudden Peeta snapped. "No one cares, Effie!" Peeta barked, making me jump a little. Everyone stared at Peeta in shock from his outburst. Even Haymitch, who you would think be on his side since Effie drives him insane or he seemed to be just too hung over. "Well, no one does!" Peeta said in defense before storming out of the dining car. I watched as tears streamed down Effie's cheeks. Well, this was going to happen sooner or later. I thought to myself as I stood up. "I'll go talk to him, Effie." I said before fallowing Peeta. It took a while but I finally found Peeta sitting against a rock looking out at the horizon. Deep breaths, deep breaths. I repeated to myself as I approached him. he must've heard me coming. "I'm not in the mood for a lecture." Peeta said, in a warning tone. "I'll try to keep it brief." I said as I took a seat beside him. "I thought you were Haymitch." He said. "No, he's still working on that muffin." I said, trying to lighten the mood. "Bad day, huh?" "It's nothing." Peeta mumbled. I took a deep breath. "Look, Peeta, I've been wanting to talk to you about the way I acted on the train. I mean, the last train. The one that brought us home. I knew you had something with Gazle. I was jealous of her before I even officially met you. And it wasn't fair to hold you to anything that happened in the Games. I'm sorry." I said feeling a blush creep up on my cheeks. My apology seemed to surprise him as it took a moment or two for him to respond. "I'm sorry, too." Peeta said. "There's nothing for you to be sorry about. You were just keeping us alive. But I don't want us to go on like this, ignoring each other in real life and falling into the snow every time there's a camera around. So I thought if I stopped being so, you know, wounded, we could take a shot at just being friends." I said as my cheeks heated up even more. "Okay." Peeta said with a small smile but I could tell something was still bothering him. "So what's wrong?" I asked as he picked at a clump of weeds. When he didn't answer I sighed somewhat frustrated. "Okay, let's start with something more basic. Isn't it strange that I know you'd risk your life to save mine . . . but I don't know what your favorite color is?" I watched happily as a smile creped onto his lips. "Green. What's yours?" "Orange." I said. "Orange? Like Effie's hair?" Peeta asked, making a funny face. "A bit more muted." I said with a giggle. "More like . . . a sunset." "You know, everyone's always raving about your paintings. I feel bad I haven't seen them." Peeta said. I had almost completely forgotten that I had paintings. Surprisingly years decorating cakes and goodies pays off. "Well, I've got a whole train car full." I raised up and offered him my hand. "Come on." It felt good to feel his fingers entwined with mine again, not for show but in actual friendship. We walked back to the train hand in hand. At the door, he seemed to remember something. "I've got to apologize to Effie first." "Don't be afraid to lay it on thick." I whispered to him. So when we went back to the dining car, where the others were still at lunch, Peeta gave Effie an apology that I thought was overkill but in her mind probably just manages to compensate for his breach of etiquette. To her credit, Effie accepts graciously. She said it's clear Peeta was under a lot of pressure. And her comments about the necessity of someone attending to the schedule only last about five minutes.