Hey guys. I'm back and better than ever. This year has really been good, and I hope all of you have had a great year so far. Anyways, sorry about the last two or three months. I just had a case of write writers block. But I'm better. Since this is February, and February has valentines day, I'm giving you the best lemons I've written. And as a way to make it up, Milking Piper 2 will be dropped 12:00 (CST) on Valentines. Not the whole story, but the first chapter. Also, I owe you guys one more story. And it's gonna be a long one. (Hint, it contains succubus, and all the characters will be mortal.) Keep,an eye out, because I think it is the best story I've ever written. Sorry for the long AU note and the lack of stories. Enjoy That night she dreamed. She dreamed that her son was bedding her daughter and woke up to the after effects of a strong orgasm. She didn't touch herself, but her mind was powerful enough to set her climax in motion. Awake and aware she shrank in shame from the dream, but the image of her children in the act of coitus lingered enticingly in the shadows of her consciousness. For days after the intense dream she watched her son and daughter acutely as they went about their lives in the house. She noticed that they weren't overly hostile toward each other, the care and loving they showed her was reflected in the way they acted with each other. Slowly over time her longing for intimacy and need for fulfillment caused a wickedly immoral idea to grow in her mind. She began musing about her son and daughter actually having hot, passionate sex and just the fantasy caused her to reach a level of satisfaction she hadn't long enjoyed. It wasn't long before the 'what if' fantasy was overshadowed by the growing need to watch Jason and Thalia carnally bonded. She dreamed often of increasingly erotic encounters between the two and each dream ended in a powerful climax. She had all the time in the world to envision a liaison between her children and the longer she thought about it, the more powerful the desire became. It was during those moments of concentrated thought about her children she noticed subtle signs that what she was thinking was having an effect on Jason and Thalia. The first time she noticed she was watching Thalia walk from her room in a short skirt and t-shirt, her legs were bare from feet to mid-thigh. She was thinking Thalia had nice legs and wondered if Jason ever looked at them. Just as she thought that her son looked up and said to Thalia, "Wow girl, you have great legs." Surprised, she thought Thalia should like the compliment. As that rose in her mind the girl responded to her brother. "You think so?" then turned her back to Jason and said "Look at them this way, nice?" Jason returned "Yeah, nice and hot. You got a sweet butt too." He got a coy smile of appreciation from his sister. The mother sat back and ran the short scene through her mind, the kids acted and said what she was thinking at that moment. Coincidence? The next time it happened was at the dinner table two nights later. She was watching Jason eat his dinner, his muscular arms flexing and moving just so as he cut the meat. She set her mind on seeing him without a shirt, asking silently if he had filled out as his father was. No sooner than the idea drifted into her mind Jason slopped a large dollop of gravy on his shirt. "Damn it, look at the mess" he grunted then pulled the shirt off and threw it on the floor. In moments the stunned mother was looking at her son's upper body. He was broad shouldered, deep chested with a tuft of blonde hair between his nipples. She turned to Thalia and projected her next thought; Thalia would like her brothers body. Thalia looked up at Jason and commented "Nice six pac bro, I bet girls like being up close and personal with you." Awed at what was transpiring the mother tried one more thought. She willed her son to stand and show off his muscles to his sister. No sooner thought than done; Jason stood, faced Thalia and posed as he if were showing his muscles in a body building contest. He posed and flexed while Thalia grinned, unruffled by her brother's audacious display. The mother swooned with the realization she was mind-controlling her children. For the rest of the evening she teased her children with salacious thoughts, planting the seeds in their minds that she hoped would bloom as lust and desire for their sibling. That night as she lay in the dark with her mind tumbling she fantasized again about her son and daughter together. Not only did she fuel her desire, she determined to find out how much she could will the two into doing. Could she radiate suggestions to the kids that would overcome the natural aversion that siblings have to each other physically? She projected into the night air focused thoughts that Thalia wanted Jason to seduce and fuck her. Minutes later she heard the muffled sounds of a girl in bed with busy hands. As she listened to Thalia masturbating her own libido sent her on another exotic journey. Was Thalia acting out her mother's thoughts? Did her son pick up on the unvoiced desire, did he sense her mind? Did he want to slide his erection into his sister's warm velvet cunt? She didn't know, but she wanted to find out. The next Friday Jason and Thalia were idling time in the living room with her so she asked "Are you guys going out tonight?" As she asked she wished that they would defer a night out, to want to stay home. Jason answered for both "Not tonight, there's nothing to do." She looked at her daughter for confirmation and got a nod of agreement. "Good," she beamed, "Thalia go pop some popcorn, let's watch a movie or something. Jason let's look at the pay-per-view channels, maybe there is something interesting." Her mind was doing gymnastics trying to figure out how to get the two to watch the sibling romance movie. And that's what is was, a romance, not a pointless porn flick. She acted as if she didn't' know what the content was as the title selections came up on screen. "What's that one?" she queried as Jason paused on the movie description. Jason read aloud; "Us Against Them' – A brother and sister bond together to defy the brutal and isolating social stigma of being the new kids in an elite small town school." "Let's try that." She willed both son and daughter to watch the movie. "It's rated R mom, for strong sexual themes and nudity, are you sure?" She twisted her head and yelled into the kitchen "Hey, Thalia, are you old enough to watch 'strong sexual themes and nudity' in a high school?" Her daughter came into the room with a bowl of hot popcorn "Well, there are strong sexual themes running around our school every day. Some guys and girls can't stay away from each other even in the few minutes between classes. The nudity hasn't' happened in the halls yet, but maybe the closets." The three of them laughed lightly at the banter. Satisfied that her thoughts were taking hold, she addressed her children, "Then let's see what this is all about." Fifteen minutes into the movie it became obvious that the brother and sister were forming a close intimate alliance against the hostile in-crowd in the school. The scene was of the brother talking to his sister in her bedroom while she changed into a night gown. She didn't seem at all perturbed or shy about stripping to her panties then slipping a nightie over her arms and body while he stared at her tits. That started the mother thinking that her own children would be more comfortable in their sleep wear. As this thought filled her mind Jason stood and said "Pause the movie, I'm going to change." Immediately Thalia voiced "me too, I'm too warm." As son and daughter left to change she glowed with an inner satisfaction that she could mentally influence the two. Her stomach tickled deliciously as she anticipated the rest of the night. When they came back the mother formed a picture in her head of her son sitting on one end of the sofa with Thalia on the other, stretched out with her feet lying across Jason's thighs. The two settled onto the couch, Jason on one end and after a few seconds of jostling around Thalia was lying on the cushions with her feet on her brother's legs, "hand me the popcorn" she requested. Jason handed it to her and she nested the bowl directly in the junction of her thighs, close enough that her brother could reach it too. As he dipped into the popcorn the bowl pressed down on her crotch. The movie resumed. It was dark in his room, he was asleep when she crept in to talk to him. She got onto the bed over the covers and nudged him awake. The sister in the movie needed to share her intimate feelings with someone her own age and her brother was the only inoffensive teen she knew. He woke, they whispered, grew closer, then as the night lengthened, he asked her under the blankets. In moments underwear was being discarded as the two seduced each other. Up to this point the movie was full of innuendo and covert flirting but there was nothing subtle about the consummation of the sibling alliance on the TV. She glanced at her boy and girl, they were focused intently on the pair in the movie. She mentally moved her son's hand until he was caressing Thalia's leg and was gratified when he did exactly that. She thought that Thalia should enjoy the contact then saw her daughter relax a little more into the cushion her butt was on and straighten her leg ever so slightly. Jason tickled his sister's skin just over the knee while the two on the screen huffed and panted their pleasure at discovering a new dimension of their relationship. The mother was getting hotter, the movie was working on her but also were the perverse sexual thoughts rampaging in her head. The stronger her own feelings became, the more effect she was having on Jason and Thalia. As the the desires in her grew she noticed Jason stroking his sister's leg from ankle to thigh and Thalia had increased the distance between her knees, giving him more skin to touch. It wasn't long before she envisioned the her son doing to Thalia exactly what the movie siblings were doing. She sat immobile in body but her mind racing; Jason shuffled around until he was lying on the sofa, against the back of it. Thalia shifted slightly to give him room and rolled to her side so he was behind her. As they settled into the new positions his arm went around her stomach and he pulled her close. Thalia rocked her butt, rubbing it tenderly on her brother's groin. The movement, the closeness, the acceptance of the intimate contact seemed natural, unconscious, and desired by both. Thalia did not object to her brother's body pressed against her, Jason did not recoil from his sister rubbing her ass on him as they focused on the television. The movie was getting hotter and she wondered if Jason had an erection. She couldn't see, couldn't check herself so she got Thalia to do it for her. Thalia reached behind her casually and slipped a hand between them and felt the long hard