A little preview of a story set for regular postings this fall. It's a special one for me. I was once an exchange student, and I've been hoping to weave such an experience into a love story for a very long time. Although there are some details that came from my own background, most of this is simply inspiration. Ultimately, this is Everlark's story, not mine. Thank you to Chelzie, iLoVeRynMar, Court81981, and misshoneywell. And to Ro Nordmann for the pretty banner! Disclaimer: I do not own THE HUNGER GAMES trilogy. It belongs to Suzanne Collins. I merely want to spend more time with her characters. WATERLILY Katniss I could just let the tide pull me under. The moment is perfect, the moon's rays scuttling across my arms, the taste of saltwater on my lips, and a thread of seaweed grazing the side of my breast. The waves jostle me around, practically begging me to let go. I float and glide and plop beneath the surface. I blow bubbles, then break through and suck in a mouthful of humid air. I lose myself in the sea and feel invincible. Yes, I could let the tide take me. Or I could pretend to put up a fight, arms cutting through the water until I'm too tired to do anything else but die happy. The coral reefs are waiting for me to sink. They're waiting to catch me in a sharp, pink hug and slice me to ribbons. In a few minutes, I could drown and be with her again. Then I could gather primroses for her, and we could smile at the significance of it and live the rest of our lives on a new type of island forever...or not. Getting into Heaven would be a challenge for someone like me. And if I even did crack the secret password and step over that threshold, my sister would be furious to see me. I had better not do it if it means getting reprimanded by her in the afterlife. Or perhaps I'll simply wait for another night. Sigh. Life would be much more interesting as a mermaid or a piece of buried treasure. I bob in place and glance at the foam stretching across the beach in the distance. Panem Island's cliffs and peaks are green during the day, black at night. The thin-necked silhouettes of palm trees rock in the wind, coconuts dangling like giant testicles. I laugh and then choke on the sound. Shhh. My body bounds forward, fighting the temptation to stay where I am. Coming back to shore, it's a harder swim than when I first dove in. The water smacks my cheeks and shoves itself into my chest. The sea wants me. I clamber out, my nipples stiff as shells, my wet braid snaking around my neck like a collar, and the damp sand sucking at my heels and crowding between my toes. Where did I leave my nightgown? I locate the flimsy orange slip a few feet away and shrug it over my head. Because I don't bother with a towel, the nightgown clings to my dripping curves. The ruffled hem covers my bare ass and trembles in the breeze. The beach smells different tonight. Not like the usual sultry fragrance of tan lotion that lingers after sunset, nor like the typical scents of papaya or orchids. Instead, I'm intoxicated by melted sugar. How odd. It's not a local scent. Primrose would have said it's a sign that something's about to change. She always swore by things like that. Frogs croak at me as I cross from the beach into Seam Village. Sandy hills become dirt roads. The outlines of thatched roofs, round terra-cotta shacks, and hibiscus bushes come into view. I spot Old Man Sae on his porch, the only other villager still awake besides me. The hushed curl of his guitar fills my ears with a melody, what outsiders would call "exotic" or "spicy." No lyrics, only the pluck of his instrument. Grinning, I snap my hips gently from side to side, humming along, relishing the way the guitar sets me free. I fall into a lazy dance. If the rhythm were a little faster, I'd spin and try to turn back time. It's late. I drag myself from the music and keep going. The windows of my uncle's cottage are open, an attempt to filter out the moist heat even though it's futile in late August. I still refuse to call the cottage home. Mama and I used to live on the east shore, but we had to leave after Primrose died. We moved here to the western side so that my uncle could keep a closer watch on us. The house isn't very different. It still has two rooms like our old place, except these rooms are bigger. I don't have to share a bed with Mama the way I did with Primrose. I slip through the window and tiptoe across the living room, which is also the dining room, which is also part of the kitchen. "Bedtime already?" a voice mocks behind me. I stop in my tracks and groan inwardly. The problem isn't that I've been caught—I never care about that. It's that I'm tired. I want to go to sleep...I want to try to go to sleep. Wheeling around, I find my uncle reclining in his favorite wooden chair, what he calls The Situation Chair, his throne of damage control. He reeks of tequila, and his attitude is stuck somewhere between lucid and glazed. He taps a finger to his chin, unsurprised by my visible nakedness beneath the soaked nightgown. His gaze slides down to my bare feet, amusement twitching at the margins of his lips. "So you left anyway. I should have known you'd be determined." Did he really think hiding my shoes would stop me from sneaking out and doing whatever I wanted? That's funny. But something's not right. I feel it. He isn't brooding enough. I've given him a run for his money this past year, but he looks like he might have gotten a second wind. From what? Mosquitoes buzz around us, hunting us for blood. I've read that they have a fatal ancestor called the tracker jacker. It's extinct, but mosquitoes are enough to deal with, ravenous and vicious in their own way. They love me. One of them stings my calf, and I slap at it in the dark. "And where have you been this fine tropical evening?" Uncle Haymitch asks. "Skinny-dipping with Finnick again?" I roll my eyes. Haymitch enjoys judging my boyfriend. He lives to drink and make Finnick look bad, and he cannot comprehend what the handsomest boy on this island wants from a plain-featured girl like myself. It has a lot to do with how often I let Finnick fuck me. But it also has to do with mutual wounds. I have mine, and Finnick has his own to nurse. It works out for us in this way. I don't have anyone to compare him to—he's was my first, and I haven't been with anyone else—but I've shattered enough times in his arms to know he's good at sex, good at making me forget. And he understands why I'm quiet. Sometimes it's hard to keep it all in, but I do. Even when he's pounding between my thighs, I don't lose that part of myself. I don't let go. We're good together. I don't ask for an emotional relationship, and neither does he. Losing him forever wouldn't wound me, so it's a safe bet with him. My uncle takes another guess. "Or were you out smoking banana leaves with your playmates?" Jo and Tigris are my friends, not playmates. Eccentrics are underrated. "Ahhh," he says, inspecting my face more closely. "So you were alone and untamed. That's rarely good. Once a sweetheart, now nothing but a wild thing." I disregard the hole in my heart and raise a quizzical eyebrow. You seem surprised. Haymitch chuckles. "One of these days, you're going to talk to me." I will never talk. Not again. Ever. Not for anyone. "I wasn't waiting up for you, you know," he says. Who are you kidding? "I wasn't," he insists. Why don't you give me my punishment so that I can get a head start on ignoring it? My uncle grunts. He likes to think he can decipher all my expressions, but he doesn't know how easy I make it on him. He doesn't see more than I want him to. No one does. No one looks hard enough because that would require special powers. Namely sensitivity. As my warden strides over to the dining table, he says, "Matter of fact, I was reading." Rather than waste electricity, he lights a candle and tosses me a flat packet. "Have a look." Puzzled, I pull out a stack of papers. My eyes scan the front page, then flip through the rest of the contents, confusion pinching my face and causing my nose to crinkle. There's a bunch of official-looking documents, letters addressed to Haymitch from some kind of student abroad organization. A photo of a boy my age is clipped to the stack. My stomach swoops for no reason as I study him. He has blond hair and eyes that have dropped from the sky. His fresh face and light complexion don't belong anywhere near this island of olive-skinned locals. He's made of gold, and the rest of us may as well be made of coal. I find a questionaire filled with handwritten answers, clearly from this boy. His penmanship is neat, stick-straight and angular. He probably lives a groomed life and makes his bed each morning. I must be hallucinating because it's truly starting to smell like melted sugar everywhere. I cover my trepidation with a cocky smirk of indifference and wiggle the papers at Haymitch. And what is this supposed to be? "It's a relief, is what it is," he mutters. "I've got grief in one arm, and in the other, there's you bursting into uncontainable flames. This family needs a bright spot, Wild Child. Call it a change of pace. It'll be therapeutic for you and your mama to get your minds on something else." Please. You don't know my mind, and mama has lost hers. "Bottom line, I'm not cutting it, and I don't have enough liquor to sustain another month of this." Then you shouldn't have brought us to live with you. I could have taken care of everything on my own. Haymitch points at me. "Stop scowling. It's only for a year. He's an exchange student from District Twelve in North America—unless you're going to actually speak, close your mouth. And I said stop scowling. I know what you're thinking, but this is my house, no matter how many times you refuse to listen to me. Well, this is the deal: The boy'll be here next month when school starts. And don't argue about food. He's being sponsored, so that'll give us the funds to feed him." This gets my attention. Resentment burns inside me that this boy can so easily provide for himself, that he comes from a nation where its citizens are fed. Meanwhile, the villagers in Panem are hungry, and children suffer from malnourishment because of it. Haymitch has more to say. "And don't waste my time about the damn lack of space. The boy is bunking with me. " Who said anything about lack of space? I'm not a queen. Most families on this island crowd into their homes, with multiple kids sleeping on the floor. In comparison, we have plenty of space. Haymitch is still barking. "I pulled a lot of strings to get this for us. We're not exactly the ideal candidates for a host family, but it's done. You'll thank me later, so for the third and final time, curb the fucking scowl." My index finger presses against the candle, and I calmly