Written for Prompts in Panem and inspired by the film, Before Sunrise . Thank you to my beta Chelzie. Also to iLoVeRynMar, TomiStaccato, Court81981, and the lovely PiP hostess, misshoneywell, for their guidance on this! Disclaimer: I do not own THE HUNGER GAMES trilogy. It belongs to Suzanne Collins. I merely want to spend more time with her characters. Music: "Lights" by Josh Ritter. STRANGERS The Roller Coaster: Death The girl looked to be his age, around seventeen. But she choked that orange ticket in her fist the way a child would clutch the last of their candy bar, the top peeking out from between her bunched fingers. She stood ahead of him in line, waiting for a seat on the roller coaster. But when the couple wedged between him and her began throwing verbal punches about who sacrifices more for whom, she turned around to scowl at them. That's when her gaze met his. The jolt of contact was officially marked by the crack and slam of two bumper cars somewhere nearby. It was as close to lightning as they would get on this ripe summer evening. She was beautiful. Her irises were the sterling silver of good luck coins. Her cheeks colored, which was either a textbook blush or a reflection of the cotton-candy-pink bulbs pulsing around them from the metropolis of carnival attractions. Her lips curved upward like an amusement ride of their own. One that he would empty his wallet for, would purchase an endless roll of tickets in order to enjoy. She caught herself smiling at him. That smile dangled at the end of a fish hook, right in front of him, but she struggled to reel it in. Forgetting the grouchy couple, she averted her eyes and turned away. She flipped her dark braid over her shoulder and played with its tail. When her turn came to get on the coaster, it took one question from the sunburn-faced kid operating it to change everything. "Any single riders?" The boy and girl were paired together and squashed into a compact car. While the girl made a point of staring at the boy's shoes, he basked in her profile. How intriguing for anyone to come to a carnival alone. He had his own reason but wondered about hers. Located in the center of the Capitol, the park was a spectacle of popsicle-colored lights and kinetic energy. Pumping, revolving machines going round and round, up and down like giant mechanical toys. Giddy shrieks and terrible pop music. Microphoned voices scratching through the air, telling people to watch their step . The girl's arm brushed against his. A clusterfuck of activity set the boy's heart bungee-jumping from one end of his body to the other. It's true what they say about love at first sight, he thought. It actually happens sometimes. During the safety check, the operator thrust the handlebar down onto the girl and boy's laps. The girl's face paled. She clutched the bar, her eyes widening when the train-themed coaster grumbled to life. And finally, the boy found his voice. "Are you scared?" And she found hers. "Shitless." "I'm Peeta," he said without pacing himself. "Katniss," she croaked. "Scared of heights, Katniss?" "Scared of death, actually." Maybe it was her terror causing her to be so candid, Peeta guessed. Or maybe she had nothing to lose by being honest to a stranger. He liked it, either way. In a rehearsed but toneless I've-got-a-crappy-job-so-don't-bother-me chant, the sunburn-faced operator droned on as though his very soul was absent. He warned patrons to keep their arms and feet inside the vehicle . "Don't worry. I'm here. I'm not scared of death," Peeta said. This earned him a frown, the first authentic face-to-face moment they'd shared so far. "You probably have no reason to think about it much." He squinted. "Who would spend all their time doing that?" She didn't respond. The coaster jerked forward and sailed down the tracks, a gust of wind slapping their cheeks as they rounded a corner. A crisscross grid of rails caged them in. Peeta tried to think of something to make her feel safe. Something that would keep her attention on him. "So what are you doing sitting next to me, Katniss? Are you stocking up to get over your fear?" "Not really—" she gasped as the tracks latched onto the train's wheels like teeth and hauled them up a steep incline. Ten feet...twenty feet...she raised her chin, but her quivering lips gave her away. He didn't have much time to calm her down. "Listen, let's play a game," he called out, his voice carrying over the din of the coaster's ascent. "A game?" she echoed, blinking ahead. "Let's just keep talking until we get to the top. You want to conquer your fear, right?" "I don't think fears can be conquered. Only tolerated." "That's stupid." She twisted in her seat and glared at him. "What?" "I said that's stupid," he repeated, glad that she was taking the bait. "That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard. It's totally dumb." "No, it's not." "Prove it." She opened her mouth to speak. The car looped and took a nosedive, slicing the air to shreds. The force shoved their backs into the seat, silencing them both. When the car veered around another corner at the top, Peeta took the opportunity to check her wind-blown profile. She was surprised but in a good way. Tendrils of loose hair whipped freely from her braid, and her hands no longer gripped the bars. Seeing her that way was the ultimate rush. He grinned. They plunged again. When their car taxied back into the starting point, color had returned to her skin. But as they waited for the operator to let them out, she wheeled on him with a pinched expression. "I'm not stupid." "I know," Peeta said blithely. "So that wasn't bad, was it? You stayed alive." Her brows lifted as she grasped what he'd done. A chuckle escaped her. The handlebar popped up, freeing them. He stood. "Fun, huh?" "Maybe." "Wanna go again?" Katniss glanced up at the coaster. A second later, her eyes dropped. "I spent what I had on that one ticket." For the first time, Peeta took a better look at her clothes, which were faded, tattered, and a little too big on her. Definitely not the wardrobe of a Capitol girl. Maybe she was from the east end of the city. Money wasn't an issue for him. His family's bakery was renowned across Panem. But so what? Moot subject aside, it didn't take a psychic to guess that this girl's pride wouldn't accept a chivalrous offer without tactful words. "My treat. To congratulate you," he said. "I want to take a victory lap, but I'd hate to go alone. You'd be doing me a favor." It worked. When she reluctantly agreed, he felt like he'd won a prize. As they waited in line, Peeta shoved his hands in his pockets. "What makes you think I have no reason to think about death?" She hedged. "I can tell by your double-knotted shoelaces." Nothing more. Was he supposed to guess? Or was he supposed to go on a scavenger hunt for the rest? "What about them?" he asked. "It's just...you think because you tie them that way, they won't unravel and trip you. I bet you think the glass is always half full." "You don't?" "Who gives a shit?" she blurted out. "Even if it's half full, it'll eventually be empty because someone's got to drink from it." Peeta chuckled. "You're disillusioned." Katniss smirked. "You're sheltered." "Unfair," he said. "I may not think about death all the time, but when I do, it gets my whole attention." "They say if you keep a flashlight under your pillow, those furry monsters will go away." "Sarcasm only means I'm progressing with you. Do you want to hear me out or not?" The coaster car pulled up. They got in. This time, Katniss barely registered the atmosphere as she listened to Peeta's answer. "When I was little, I once saw my mother's ghost," he said. "Like, a year after she died, I saw her standing in my family's bakery. I was in the middle of rinsing dough off my hands, and there she was, making sure that I washed up good. All I could do was stare because it was the first time, in a really long time, that she smiled at me. She acted way nicer in death than she ever did alive." He flushed. He couldn't believe he'd just spilled that story. Until now, he'd kept that memory a secret. He finished, "Don't laugh, okay? I just think, even in death, there's something hopeful." Katniss stared at him. Her features softened. "I'm not laughing." The second time they rode the coaster, Peeta took a shot. Despite his stomach rolling with nerves, he gave her hand a squeeze, and she squeezed back before gravity and velocity hijacked them. But they protected each other. Afterward, they lingered on the grass, catching a rare tide of fluid conversation. Katniss confessed that as long as she wasn't aware of the moment she was about to die, she'd be fine. Peeta confessed that he'd rather know in advance, so that he could say goodbye to the people that mattered. Peeta spelled his name out for Katniss. She explained the botanical origin of hers. He was an artist and a baker and a wrestler. She was into archery and could carry a tune. Before they realized it, the stars burned in the sky. When she noticed how long they'd been standing there, she mumbled, "I should go." Peeta started to protest, but then she explained, "It's just that I came here to get on the coaster. That's all." Cocking his head, he asked, "You came here just to get on the one ride you're afraid of?" "I did it for my little sister." Katniss waited a beat before adding, "She died last year." He stepped toward her. "I'm sorry." "Prim always wanted to ride a coaster." "So you decided to do it for her?" She shrugged, which he took as a yes . He rubbed his calloused palms together, hoping he wasn't about to make a fantastic jackass out of himself. "Listen, I have an idea, although you probably have strict parents anyway." "No, I—" Katniss stopped. "My parents are…not home this weekend. I'm on my own." Peeta brightened. "Really? Because, um, I'm not actually from here. I'm from District 12, but I've been checking out the Capitol over the summer. Anyhow, tonight's my last night. I'm on my way back home, and train leaves in the morning, and…would you want to, maybe, hang out with me until then? If you don't have any plans, I mean." Katniss narrowed her gaze. "Hang out?" "Here. In the carnival. It's open all night. I'll pay for you to get on rides." When she grimaced at the offer, he dug his toe into the ground. "Katniss, I really like talking to you. I don't want to stop. I just want to spend every moment of the rest of this night with you. Think you'll allow it?" At her hesitation, Peeta began jerking his head, a gesture meant to look cool and charming and funny, but more than likely made him look like he was malfunctioning. "C'mon. C'mon. C'mon." She fussed with her braid. He watched her exquisite fingers bend. After making him suffer for twelve seconds, she nodded. Oh, hell yeah. He was a goner. kpkpkpkpkp The Carousel: Parents If Peeta was a goner, Katniss was right behind him. The minute she first saw him, she thought he was cute, in a cereal commercial kind of way. Not to mention how his boyish idealism had confidently challenged her cynicism to a fencing match. But it was those silly double knots in his shoelaces that had won her over. Even now, she found herself tempted to undo