Author's Note: Hey guys once again! I would like to tell you, I've improved my style of writing! I found out that I wasn't good enough so I've been working on my favourite theme and character development. I sure do hope you enjoy this story. I wrote like for a month, please do review your thoughts on how was the story. I would waiting for your reviews soon. And please enjoy. If there are any concerns, please do say. I would like to know my flaws. It was a lovely day. Until he came to her office. She was sipping her coffee while having a look at the forums sent by the customers. She was satisfied with all the reviews and sent a voicemail to her secretary to call off the meeting with some new employee. She always had this routine to meet her worker personally and judge accordingly. Now that she had done the deed, she went back to her paperwork as swift as bee. Then it started. The door opened with a loud bang and she glanced up. "Who-" "I'm sorry Miss Chase but this is extremely important for me to have this job. I don't know why you called off the meeting, but I'm in desperate need of it." His attire was approved but his behavior told her that appearances are deceiving. Not to remember what happened long ago. He had his black hair in place and his face was morphed in a blank expression. Her expression was intimidating, she knew that very well. From her experiences of meeting new recruits, made her develop the intimidating factor in her more dominant. She sipped again, not a response met yet. He couldn't understand what's with this woman. One fine day she calls him then turns him down like he was a cell phone. He wanted to see how she looked. His breathe was caught in his throat when he saw her beautiful face. He still was skeptic, since many cling towards him. When he would finally like someone, she would turn out to be a hooker or just plain cheater. He hadn't even kissed anyone, fearing that he would love the wrong sort. But when he heard of a woman who was the CEO of the Chase Enterprises . She was known as the woman who turned down the most handsome bachelor, Luke Castellan. She was known to hate men so much so, she was ready to kill them all. He wasn't interested at first, but he kept trying to give charity to organizations and it always turned out that this firm was one step ahead of him. So he thought, ' Why not have a look at her internal background? ' "Well?" he asked. She looked up at him from her paperwork. She put down her papers and sat up straight with her fingers laced together on the table. "Mr. Jackson, I understand that you must've been taken aback from my cancellation, but I must remind you, your company, 'Jackson Granites' is certainly most flourishing one around the globe. And if I'm not wrong-correct me if I am wrong, that you are the CEO of that company. Mr. Persues Jackson.' She amazed him. He didn't suspect that she would discover his identity so quickly, not to mention in a matter of just 17 hours since he applied. "You look well informed, but I would like to work in this firm, I would like to learn how your company is functioning so we may work together sometime if I found it fit. Your constructions are said to be beautiful and strong. I absolutely have no problem in working as a junior in your company." He held his breath inwardly, hoping his made-up story was alright for her to consider. Nope. She wasn't up for any games. But his proposal seemed promising. She will definitely need some time to consider his offer. "Mr. Jackson, I cannot guarantee your job right now, but I might consider your offer. Meet me tomorrow at 7:30 a.m. sharp. If I were to accept it, I want you to work appropriately taking time into consideration. Is that trouble for you to come early?" She waited for him to show some reaction. With a brief nod of head, he excused himself out of the office. She sighed, after picking the papers back. Oh boy, this customer sure has a really large order. He sighed in relief and tightened his tie. All the staff was now staring at him. He just gave them a glare and everything was busy again. 7 o clock in the morning? Here he comes. Oh no. It was pass 7:30 and he could already make up excuses in his head. His entrance in the office only made heads turn, not a single person looked mockingly at him, but he could feel their pity on him for what reasons he would never know. "Is Miss Chase there?" he asked the secretary even though he knew the answer. She looked at him concerned and gave him a nod while picking up the receiver. He could feel his heart beat quickening as she spoke. Finally, she looked at him and asked him to go in. There, he found her standing, with her arms folded and her blonde hair tied in a bun. He could just stare at her blankly as she looked at him sternly. This wasn't a quality she had accepted from a CEO, not reporting on time? It was an outrageous thing in her perception, and a slightest late arrival just boils her head. She thought through of course, and now she was prepared for another action. "You're Late." He replied, "It was my first time, please consider this once." Ah. This was a dialogue often she heard from her staff, and she never agreed. If they were released, a relaxation in work would be followed. She shook her head slightly. "This is not accepted in my office. You will not enter the building until you have completed this assignment that I am going to assign, in 30 minutes. It is a simple assignment, not much of a burden for you, isn't it?" She pointed her hand downwards. "All the guards here are quite qualified people, and they are always on duty till 7 o clock in the evening. A single call from my desk, and you would only be allowed to visit certain areas that would be described by them, and they follow my rules strictly. This work was supposed to be done respectfully as a test for your abilities. But I have no choice." She turned around, went back to her chair, and sat down while lacing her fingers together. "Without any further ado, please start off. My timer will start as soon as you leave this room." He was shocked to see such a tough woman, not to mention her punctualities! No wonder people were pitying him. He quickly scurried to the lobby and took a glance at the guards. Sure, they were keeping an eye on him, and when they saw him, they gave him a brief nod with a firm look. He sighed defeatedly and removed his laptop to start his work. Within 15 minutes, he was standing in front of her secretary, who seemed genuinely surprised as he mentioned submission. She adjusted her thin framed glasses and phoned Miss Chase. "Shall I send him in? No? He has done the task that you assigned...well, ok then I'll let him know about it." He somehow felt disappointed when she did not nod her head. "Miss Chase has asked you to come tomorrow, as she still is busy with some work, and she has assigned for you another task. She wants you to complete it by tomorrow morning, and she also told me to remind you to come early. That's it. You may wait in the lobby for your paperwork." That ended the message and let down his spirits. But he at least got a scope for struggle. Out of majority, there is still a man who neglects his riches and yearns for difficulty. Well, different people have different thoughts. She wasn't scared of meeting him, nor was she surprised to know that he would complete early. She had already prepared for him another work, until she could wrap up the previous task and start afresh. It has been four months this building had been given for designs. She just needed time for structures and the materials, along with the decision of how many people she would be assigning for other tasks. She had to make a big building this time, and it really took long. He made sure his stuff was in place, and strolled in the office grounds. He noticed a mustang, a grey mustang that matched the eye color of Miss Chase, parked in the most deserted part of the parking lot. He wondered why would anyone go somewhere else when everybody was in place. While he contemplated whether to approach or not, a beautiful white scarved woman came out from her car and she wore dark glares. She wore a pencil skirt and a black shiny blazer. She held nothing but a car key. Her blonde hair was tied in a neat ponytail. As he noticed all this, he realized that he was actually looking at Miss Chase. He turned to walk in the other direction, but bumped into another employee, spilling coffee all over himself. "Ow!" he backed away while slightly brushing the coffee off himself. "Sorry. I didn't mean to." The employee replied in a worried tone. She had her frizzy hair open, and he wondered how well it suited her right now. Now his shirt was going to be stained, and Grover his butler is going to be very upset. He just kept quiet and glanced at Miss Chase. She was looking right at him now, in his sorry state and he was helplessly standing there like a deer caught in head lights. She looked intimidating and she seemed to be approaching him, but she passes him and says only four words, "Clean early, I'm waiting." He quickly ran towards the toilet and tried to get rid of the stains. he was relieved to find them fading, unfortunately some traces still remained. He looked at his watch. It said, 6:55 a.m. and he had to be in the lobby at 7. At least today he was before time like he used to. Quickly, he approached the secretary who let him in wordlessly. He found her in the same posture she was standing yesterday. But in a slightly formal way. "Have you completed the work I gave you yesterday?" He nodded and handed her the printed copies. She took them and slowly sat on her chair. Impressive. She was expecting this. So now that he has done the work, she has decided to promote him. "Mr. Jackson, I am highly appreciative of the fact that you submit your work on time, to which- I hereby announce you as my assistant manager. I do not really keep such levels, but your results speak your ability. And these results have helped you pass through. You may take your seat in the next cabinet, which I had arranged for you, just ask the worker room number 21 and he will direct you there. You may go now." "Well, Miss Chase since you have made me someone at a high post, does it mean I have a right to take decisions?" She looked at him and wondered again, how did he turn out to be a CEO when he doesn't even know about the positions. "The decisions would only be taken by me. But you are allowed to voice out your thoughts and give your suggestions. I would personally look into it and let you on. Off you go." He was so tired, he was sure he was going to sleep for a week. But he