Ficawesome Gift Exchange Title: Baby Written for: Erica aka bonded2jasper Written By: beegurl13 Rating: M Summary/Prompt used: See below (I don't want to ruin the story for you :) ) If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the Facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps. community/FicAwesome_Gift_Exchange/81343/ A/N: I don't own this, we all know who does. What I do own is a daughter heading off to her first Girls Camp tomorrow, and a hubs & 3 other children who are leaving on their own camping adventure in a few days. Oh blessed peace and quiet… :) Thanks to MaggieMay14, MissyV, Twilight44, Unchanged Affections, & jasperlover16. ~oIo~ He was at it again. Some things never changed, and clearly he was no exception to that rule. I sat quietly in the corner of the lunch room, watching the boy I'd given my heart to, dedicated the last three years of my life to, sitting with another girl. Glancing down at my lap, I focused on the bag held tightly in my fingers, the white plastic contained within it. My thoughts drifted back over the past few months, wondering when things had changed so drastically. It was his most recent actions that brought me to where I was, sitting and watching him—my resolve growing over what I was about to do. It hadn't always been this way, he hadn't always acted like this, but something had changed in him over the last couple of years and I was still struggling to come to grips with it. Edward and I had been together since our Freshman year of high school. He was sweet and funny, a great influence on me when it came to actually doing my homework. We were study friends initially, helping each other through our advanced English class. When we began studying Romeo and Juliet, something started smoldering between us. There was a fire in his eyes, a spark between us when we touched. I'd never thought of him as anything other than a friend until I heard him repeat Romeo's speech in front of the entire class. He stared at me as he spoke the words, " It is my lady, oh, it is my love! Oh, that she knew she were! She speaks, yet she says nothing. What of that?" I knew from that moment that I was his, completely and totally. The next year was a blur filled with hungry kisses, awkward touches, and lustful moans. I'd never had a boyfriend before, never kissed anyone or even held anyone's hand. Everything with Edward was brand new, and each day I looked forward to how our relationship might grow. The start of our Junior year brought on changes that I'd never seen coming. We'd been dating for almost a year and a half by the time school started. Edward had spent the summer working for his uncle and had definitely filled out, his arms and chest muscles had become much more defined. He had also gotten rid of his glasses, opting for contact lenses. His hair had grown a little longer and I marveled at how good looking he really was. I had thought this all along, but fortunately for me, none of the other girls in school saw it. Well, they didn't notice until that first morning of our Junior year as Edward walked across the parking lot, the breeze blowing his unbuttoned over shirt open. As I listened to the girls around me gasp, a feeling of dread grew in my stomach. I kept my eyes focused on him, noticing as his gaze detoured a few times to meet the lustful looks that several other girls in the parking lot were giving him. I couldn't blame them and when he came to me, I stood a little taller, knowing that he thought I was the beautiful one here, not them. "Hey Baby, you ready for today?" he asked, his voice low and tempting. "Mhmmm. You look incredible, I feel like I haven't seen you in ages." I wrapped my arms around his waist, pulling him to me. His lips soon met mine and I internally giggled as the girls around us gasped at our display. Edward's hands cupped my bottom and he whispered into my mouth, "You're gonna get us suspended on our first day back." I smiled, "Well, I hope it's at home suspension 'cause there are a few things I need to teach you, Baby." With that his tongue darted into my mouth, twisting with mine and reminding me of just how much I needed him. Urges began to grow deep within my belly and I pushed them away as the bell started to ring. He grabbed my hand, dragging me to the auditorium for the first day assembly. There in the dark back row of the room his hands continued to wander my body. I was in love with Edward Cullen, and everyone knew it—I was happy they knew, especially the girls. They continued to flaunt themselves in front of Edward, but he never did more than laugh at their comments or be polite to them. At least that's what I thought. A few months into the school year, I had been sick and missed a week of school. That Saturday night was the big bonfire to celebrate the beginning of Homecoming week. Edward and I were going to the dance together and I couldn't have been more excited. When he called on Friday afternoon to see if I felt well enough to go out Saturday night, I told him no, I was still feeling a little queasy. He sounded so down that I encouraged him to go with his friends, to not miss all the fun just because of me. Reluctantly, he agreed to check in with his boys and see what their plans were. When Saturday came, I woke up feeling great. After trying to call Edward several times that day, I decided to surprise him by showing up at the bonfire with one of my friends. As we searched the crowd, I finally saw him, sitting with Tanya Denali. They were sitting close to each other, so close that her legs were over his lap and when I took a closer look I had to admit that she was sitting on him. I stood watching them where they sat, off away from the main crowd. Tanya had her arms wrapped around Edward's neck, her hands in his hair, and his lips were attached to her neck. For a brief moment he pulled away, whispering something to her, and the way his lips moved, I knew one of the words was baby . When I was finally able to look away from his face, I noticed his hands under her shirt, squeezing and fondling her breasts. She was laughing and writhing on him, obviously enjoying every touch he gave her. I felt sick. I begged my friend to take me home, pretending that I hadn't seen him, but wasn't feeling as well as I thought I was. I cried all night. At school on Monday, Edward met me in the parking lot as usual, placing a kiss on my cheek and holding my hand as we walked to class. I couldn't take my eyes off of his mouth, imagining it latched onto Tanya's neck, and the hand that I was holding, only hours before had been groping Tanya's breasts. A sudden wave of nausea swept over me and I dashed to the girl's bathroom, heaving my breakfast into the toilet. When I finally finished and cleaned myself up, Edward was no where to be found. I hurried to class, passing his room as I walked through the hall. Peaking in the window of the door of his classroom, I saw him sitting in his chair with Jessica Stanley perched on his desk. Her short cheerleading skirt was riding up as his fingers caressed the bare skin of her inner thigh, lazily moving higher up her leg, before finally disappearing under the edge of the fabric pleats. I pulled myself away from what I had seen, repeating over and over again that the incidents over the past few days were just misunderstandings, that something completely different was going on. As the week went by, I ignored all the stares I got, the looks of pity and condolence. Edward still sat with me, walked with me, put his arm around me every chance he got, and I knew I must have been seeing things. How could he act that way to other girls and then be loving toward me? It was a mistake, it had to be. I said nothing to Edward, or anyone else for that matter. I carried on as if my life was perfect. When Friday came, I got ready, putting on my new dress and fixing my hair. My mother took pictures and sat with me while I waited for Edward to pick me up. He was late. He had promised to pick me up at nine o'clock, and by ten when he wasn't there, I knew something was wrong. My mother was worried, and not wanting her to call Edward's parents, or worse—my father, who was on the police force and working patrol that night, I quickly called Edward's house, asking his mother if he was there. She told me that he had left a couple of hours before and had mentioned picking me up for the dance. She wasn't sure why he was so late, but thought it might have to do with the group he had left with. She said that there were several other couples as well as some single girls and maybe if they were picking up other dates, then they were just running behind. I thanked her and asked her not to mention my call to Edward, that I didn't want him thinking I was checking up on him. By eleven o'clock it was clear that he wasn't coming. My mother had gone from worried sick to furious within the hour that had passed and in an effort to keep her from driving the streets looking for him, I told her that I had suddenly remembered I was supposed to meet Edward at the dance. I blamed my forgetfulness on all the make-up homework I had been doing over the past week, trying to get caught up. I grabbed the car keys and left, assuring her that it was all my fault. I drove by Edward's house, seeing that his car was not parked in the driveway. As I drove up and down the streets of our small town, I figured I'd eventually find it, and I did—parked in front of Angela Weber's house. Angela was a friend of mine, though I knew she'd always had a bit of a crush on Edward. I parked my car a few houses down the street and walked back to Angela's determined to find out what was going on. The neighborhood was quiet and I took off my heels, not wanting the sound to my footsteps to signal anyone that I was there. The lights in Angela's house were off, except for the front porch light. Creeping up to the garage, I peeked inside and saw through the window that her parent's car was gone. I leaned against the side of the house, wondering what to do next, when I heard it. There was a sound coming from the backyard. Never had I been more grateful for Mr. Weber's inability to fix a gate. It hung open, one of the hinges broken, and I slipped through, listening as the sound grew louder. It was quiet at first, but growing more discernible, more forceful. I soon realized that it was coming from the tree house on the side of the yard, the one that Angela and I had spent countless hours playing in over our lifetime. I