The Black Balloon Contest Title: Clipped Strands of Fate Your pen name: beegurl13 Characters: Bella/Edward Disclaimer: I don't own this, we all know who does. What I do own is a sick need to pry apart two perfectly happy people. Official Word Count: 14,981 – The counter here is a big fat liar. :D I'm wordy, what can I say? :) A/N: Thanks to My BittenBee for betaing this baby last minute. She's the Daisy to my Minnie and I love her. Thanks to Twilight44 & Unchanged Affections for prereading this. ~~0~~~~0~~~~0~~ Cult - a rigidly, structured group controlled by a charismatic leader, typically isolated from established society, values, and norms. Members are often times recruited through deception and maintained by manipulation, while being denied their freedom of choice. Any group with beliefs and practices that could be considered unreasonable or strange might be classified as a cult. ~~0~~~~0~~~~0~~ I sat on the bench as the wind gently blew through my hair, and couldn't help but marvel at the changes in my life over the past year. I had to urge myself to be strong inside; to feel again. For so long I had avoided this place—avoided the memories and emotions I would feel when returning, but today I had to be here. The scenery stretching out before me was enough to break anyone, melding beautiful memories of my youth with the horrors of my recent past. I would never be the same. I would never be the person I once dreamed of being and never have the things I once thought I couldn't live without. I took a deep breath and my eyes focused on the stones lying all around me, straining to see the tiny markings on each one. The stones I loved most were next to me, the only ones I really cared to see. A tear slipped down my cheek as their pale, glossy surfaces reflected the fading light. I raised my eyes and stared out at the fields all around me. Buildings and structures dotted the landscape. This was the place of my youth. I longed to turn back the clock, go back in time so that I could be there again. I had been innocent there, yet I never knew until it was all taken away from me. Hatred ignited and pulsed through my veins for a brief moment before the pain edged it out, pushing it away from me. I didn't have room for anger; I was too defeated and the hurt was too great. My gaze focused on one building in particular—the large white meeting hall that held so many wonderful moments from my life. That building would forever be haunted by my happiness, my innocence, my hopes and desires…my love. I thought I would only ever experience happiness in that place, but I was wrong. The horrible thing that happened there one year ago today eclipsed any joy I'd ever experienced within those walls. I would never be whole again, and the missing pieces of me would be held captive there forever. I was raised as the only child of Charlie and Renee Swan. My childhood was happy, I was loved and cared for, I was wanted and cherished. I was safe. My home was surrounded by neighbors and there were many children for me to spend my days with. The community was close-knit, almost like a family. My father, the local law enforcement officer, and my mother, a seamstress, provided a beautiful life for me. My parents were new to our lifestyle, having only joined the church and community a few months before I was born. My father's best friend, Carlisle Cullen, was our leader. He and my father grew up together, went to college together, and had been best friends all their lives. Esme, Carlisle's wife, was the daughter of a religious leader, and Carlisle embraced the lifestyle completely, urging my parents to join as well. Esme's father, Prophet Masen apparently led quite a peaceful, private community that was perfect for new families to get on their feet. While my parents remained hesitant in the beginning, they kept in contact with the Cullens. Not long after my parents married, they were saddened to hear of the murder of Prophet Masen and Esme's brother. A direct descendent of Prophet Masen was needed to take his place as the leader of the church, but since there was no one appropriate at that time, Carlisle, his son in law, assumed the role, and fulfilled a new destiny that he believed to be his. At that time, my father had begun a career in law enforcement and was about to start his own family with my mother. They were ready to settle and at Carlisle's urging again, convinced my mother to move to Whiton and join their friends. My father was welcomed and quickly put in charge of the little police unit there. I remembered many times as a child being awoken late in the night by the sounds of men discussing issues that concerned our little group. My father always took those issues very seriously, yet he was cautious when it came time for action. Carlisle trusted his judgment and never failed to support him in his decisions. It wasn't long before my parents were welcomed completely into the community. Unlike most of my friends, my family only consisted of the three of us. My closest friend, Alice Brandon who lived a few houses down the street from me, had a huge family and my first visit there left me surprised and full of questions for my own mother. I couldn't understand why Alice got to have four mothers, and I only had one. Though it didn't seem fair to me, my mother explained it as best she could to a six year old – some families have more moms and kids, and some have less. However God plans it is how it will be. I put full faith in her answer and never questioned—past childlike curiosity—the things I saw all around me. I trusted my parents. It was always understood that my father would someday choose my husband. I knew that the church elders played a part in the selection process, but ultimately my father would decide. It was something all the young girls looked forward to. Every Sunday as we sat in church, I would gaze with admiration at the men sitting behind the pulpit, looking down on the congregation. They seemed to glow and I knew that they must be true followers of God. Every so often a small ceremony would take place and a girl would be called up from the audience to be promised to a man within the community. This never took place until the girl was at least sixteen, but most times a few years older than that. It was an honor to be chosen as a sister wife for a family, and I longed for the day when my name would be called. As I grew older, I often noticed eyes watching me. I simply assumed I was going through a self-conscious period during my pubescent years. I continued along with my business, but at times it bothered me further—made me feel as though things were not right. I never spoke of it, instead choosing to wait patiently for the day my husband would be promised to me and no other man would be able to look at me in that way. While I was a rather shy child, I never lacked friends. My closest girl friends were Alice, and Rosalie Cullen, the daughter of our leader Carlisle. We were all the same age, and because of that, were often paired up in school and church activities. As we entered our teenage years, we did all the normal things that teenage girls did. We giggled and gossiped, flirted with boys, and experimented with makeup when our mothers weren't looking. We were innocent, each longing to be worthy of the destinies that awaited us. Quite often Alice, Rosalie, and I would stay so late in the evening that it would be dark by the time we left for home. Each of them had brothers that would accompany us so that we didn't have to walk alone. Alice's older brother Mike was sweet and would joke with us, always insisting on walking Rosalie home first and saving me for last. I wondered why since Rosalie lived farther away than I did, but I never asked, assuming that Mike preferred the company on the long walk back from her house, though I sometimes caught him looking at me strangely. The first time I ever questioned my lifestyle was when I was fifteen years old and had met a boy that I liked. Frequently, I spent a lot of time at Rosalie's house because it meant that her older brother Edward would be walking me home. He too insisted on dropping me off last, making me walk past my house to Alice's before turning around and walking right back. Edward was different than Mike and I longed for him to look at me the way Mike did. Sometimes I thought I saw something, from the corner of my eye, but when I would look, his eyes were always focused somewhere else. Edward wasn't really Rosalie's brother, he was actually her cousin. His father was Esme's deceased brother, and after the murders, Carlisle took Edward and his mother into his home, marrying Elizabeth and taking her as his second wife. Edward was the rightful heir to the leadership of the church, and Carlisle had spent years grooming him to take on that calling. I knew that no matter what my feelings for Edward might be, I would never be able to have him as my own. He was destined to marry the daughter of a church elder, and the girl who had been chosen for him was Tanya Denali. Tanya was misguided, and I was saddened by the thought of Edward being married to her. The more I thought about it, the more I began to wonder how true the teachings could be; how could God insist that an honorable man like Edward be married to a wayward soul like Tanya? She disobeyed every rule placed on her, and everyone chose to turn their heads, hoping marriage and children would settle her down. That alone should have been enough to change my mind about things, but unfortunately it was someone else that did that. Edward's best friend, Jasper Whitlock, came from an established family in the community. Jasper, like Edward, was two years older than my friends and I, and a farm boy. He had just enough schooling to get him by, but he was smart and witty and more responsible than any other boy I'd ever met. Alice had watched him for years, often asking Rose and me to include his younger sisters Maria and Lucy in our group so that we would have a reason to go to the Whitlock house. It soon became obvious that Jasper had noticed Alice too, and the two of them were often seen off in corners talking and laughing together. Alice knew that he was destined to be hers and she never looked at another boy. After confiding in us that Jasper had asked Alice to be his wife one day, we were stunned to hear Alice's name called during church services. As she walked to the pulpit, Rosalie and I glanced toward each other, confused by what was happening. With Alice being only fifteen, there was no real urgency for her to be married, and since Jasper couldn't marry until he was eighteen, it would be another year before he could officially ask her father for her hand. Alice walked slowly to the front of the room, her head bowed. When she turned around I could see small wet tears roll down her cheeks and glisten in the light. My