Hello everyone! While I've been on this website for a while, I've never actually posted any of my own fics on here. Trying to ignore the fact that I'm unsure if my writing is actually good or not, I'm going to start things off with my Harry Potter fic. I hope you guys enjoy the first chapter! Of course, I do not own Harry Potter or anything written by J.K. Rowling. The only thing that is mine is my OC Alice and the rest of her family. It was happening again. She knew it right away by the dimly lit street and by the chill in the air. Her vision was set on a small house, no different than the others around it except for the slightest variance in colour. A light could be seen from the upstairs window, providing some sort of comfort in her that the ominous night in which she stood did not. And then she wasn't on the street anymore, but instead in the softly lit room that she had seen from the window. A woman stood near a crib, holding a baby close to her chest and smiling down at her child with the most loving smile imaginable. Her baby let out a little squeal, causing the mother to laugh softly at the cute bundle of joy in her arms. A crash could be heard from downstairs, sending both her and the mother's attention towards the open door, which led into the rest of the house. Shouts began and a flash of green filled the entire house, watching as the mother ran towards the door and slammed the door shut. Screams emitted from her mouth as she still held on to her child, a man in black robes breaking down the door. The mother shielded her baby, looking down at the small bundle in her arms with a mixture of fear, determination, and sadness. The most overpowering of the four was love. Another flash of green filled the room, sending the mother to the ground, the baby still in her arms. The child sat with his mother, watching the black robed man approach him and lift up his wand yet again. However, the third flash of green did not produce the same results. The robed man cried out, crumbling into dust. And what remained was a small child with a lightning bolt on his forehead. Alice sat up in her bed with a gasp, eyes wide and alert. Her linens were damp with sweat and chills shot through her system at an alarming rate. Green light flashed in the corners of her eyes and she felt sick to the stomach. The white walls of her room seemed to bring her back to reality, a sigh escaping her lips as she ran a fair hand down the side of her face. She threw the sheets off of her body, spreading her limbs out on her mattress as she stared at the ceiling. An elaborate patter of a gold lion looked back at her. Alice felt her jaw clench, staring into the eyes of the beast. It would always be there, staring right back at her in an almost judging manner that made the girl want to rip out her hair in paranoia. It was like her ancestors were shaking their heads at her in disapproval. She turned her attention to the open window, watching the glow of the morning sun leak into her room through the red curtains. The chirping of birds was enough to get Alice out of her bed and onto the windowsill, looking down as residents of the small village roamed the streets. While Godric's Hollow was known for being one of the villages where wizards settled in after the ratification of the International Statute of Secrecy in 1689, it wasn't anything spectacular. Not in Alice's eyes anyways. With the center of it all being the village square, the Hollow only had a church, a post office, a pub, and a few retail shops in its entirety. The streets where the locals lived were lined with old-fashioned cottages that had a charming air about them. This was probably Alice's favorite aspect of the village; the Hollow held more secrets and history than what she could ever fathom. Alice took in a large breath of morning air before turning her attention back into her room. She was surprised that her mother hadn't come to wake her up earlier, but she took all the quiet she could get. Alice wondered if they were even home. Rubbing her eyes softly, the eight-year old slowly walked towards her closet, throwing on whatever she could find that was comfortable to wear. Alice had continued to sweat after her nightmare, knowing the day would only bring more heat. A white skirt and a simple red shirt seemed appropriate in her eyes, slipping on her flats as she made her way out of the bedroom. As she walked down the oak-floored hallways of the second floor, Alice could hear voices muttering in the dining room from the first floor. It was rare to hear anyone at all in the house besides herself and her brother; their parents were never home anymore because of their jobs. "I cannot believe that we're coming up to yet another anniversary of their death. It seems like it had just happened yesterday." Alice stopped in her efforts of tying up her messy hair at the words that echoed from the floor below. To her knowledge, she couldn't remember anyone dying in recent years that would gather the attention of her family. There was that tragedy that happened when Alice had been barely two-years old, but nobody ever talked about it to her. In fact, she knew nothing about the event whatsoever. "Word is that the young boy is living with his mother's muggle sister. If I remember correctly, she wasn't that nice of a broad." The second voice caused Alice's eyes to widen slightly. Her father was never home, much less than that of her mother. Even the idea of seeing him sat somewhat weird in her stomach. It had been five months after all. "I just hope the boy is okay. He is going to have a difficult-" Her mother ceased talking as Alice reached the bottom of the stairs with a loud creak. The slender woman almost jumped out of her skin. "Oh, Alice! You scared the bloody hell out of me!" "Sorry, mum." Her daughter mumbled, stifling a yawn as she moved further into the kitchen. "Did you not sleep well again, sweetheart?" Her father asked, which surprised Alice considering she had never told him of her troubled sleeping. She supposed her mother had spilled the beans to him. "Yeah," Alice said, taking her spot at the kitchen counter as her mother placed her breakfast in front of her. "Thank you." "Still having that nightmare?" Her mother asked, to which Alice nodded as she filled her mouth with toast. A beat of silence followed her question, which Alice wouldn't have minded if she hadn't caught the distressed look on both the faces of her mother and father. The eight-year old sighed, looking back down at her breakfast and continued to fill her stomach to her hearts content. While the silence lasted for a few minutes, it was broken when her eleven-year old brother threw open the front door and skidded into the kitchen. "Good lord, could you have at least taken off your shoes, Martin?" Her mother sighed as she watched the boy throw some papers onto the table in front of Alice and her father. "Violet, it's alright." Her father told the woman, grabbing the local paper from the pile of mail that Martin had brought. "What are you now? Our new owl?" Alice asked her brother, who answered by ruffling her hair. It was a usual occurrence for him to mess with her hair, but she wasn't having any of it today. She responded by swatting his hand away with her own, only for her brother to rip his hand out of her reach. "She just burned me again!" Martin whined, blowing cool air onto the back of his hand. Alice furrowed her eyebrows in surprise. "What? No I didn't!" Alice retorted, dropping her cutlery back onto her plate. "What does this look like then, you twit?" Her brother answered, holding his hand up to reveal freshly burnt skin on the back of his hand. Her eyes widened at the burn that she had caused. Yet again. "Enough, its too early in the morning for this," their mother groaned, turning the stove off to face her children. "Alice, leave your brother alone and Martin, don't encourage her." The two of them mumbled a half-hearted reply. Alice stood up from her seat and placed her dishes in the sink. It frustrated her to no end at what was happening to her magic as of recently. She'd burned her brother three times already and almost set her room on fire when she had been in a rotten mood. It was scaring her, but it was angering her more. Yet she had to agree with her mother; she didn't have enough energy to function properly today, let alone argue with her brother. "I'm going for a walk," Alice stated, walking to the front door before looking over her shoulder at her parents. "Do you two need anything?" "No, love. Thank you though." The young girl nodded as she opened the door and walked out of the house onto the brick road of her street. She figured she would go visit the old man at the bookstore on the other side of the village. He was always kind to her, not to say that the other residents were in any way rude. The man simply treated her like a human being, rather than a prized possession. The greetings came one after another as she walked down the fairly busy streets and she returned their hellos with a soft smile. Everyone knew who her family was; the entire Wizarding World knew the Fairfax family name. And having everyone know you just because of your last name and where you came from wasn't how Alice wanted to leave her mark on the world. As she walked, she counted the bricks in the road, hearing children her age crying out in delight at some street vender who was probably showing them new tricks again. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a light flying in her direction at a rather fast speed. She managed to catch it just before it could hit her in the side of the head, watching as the little ball of light crackled in her hand, similar to that of a small firework in her palm. Alice stared at it for a moment, spinning it around to inspect it. Interesting little thing, isn't it? Alice smiled down as her thoughts analyzed the small ball of magic. She eventually looked up, spotting the vender and several other children staring back at her in surprise. "I wouldn't hold on to that too much longer, little lady." The vender said, worry dripping off of his words as he stared back at Alice. "Is it going to explode or something?" She asked, raising her eyebrows as she stared down at the mini sparkler in her hand. "No, it just tends to get very…hot when you hold it for too long." Alice looked back up at the vender with mild confusion. "Like hacky sack with consequences, how wonderful," she mumbled before tossing the little thing back to the vender. "I think there's something wrong with your contraption. It didn't feel hot to me whatsoever." Bowing her head slightly as a sign of departure, Alice began walking once again towards her favorite spot in the whole village. A few more greetings were sent her way and the young Fairfax attempted to be as polite as possible when