Annabeth's POV *Tap tap tap tap tap I was pacing and the only sound I could here was the tapping sound my stupid shoes against the ground. This is so freaking stupid! Here I freaking am. Stuck in the stupid freaking room. Stuck with stupid freaking people. Without any news on what's freaking happened to him for the past hour. He is out there and has been for the past hour saving people. About one and a half hours ago, we were happy together in our apartment. I took the day off because I wasn't feeling well. We were cuddling watching TV. Then we saw the news. We watched it happen in shock. We saw people jumping and running. It was so sad and scary and completely sudden that the shock kept us from feeling any emotion for a while. Then the call happened. The person was saying how he "Needs to come in right now…" and how "There's been an emergency…" I couldn't hear the whole thing, but I knew what it was about. I should have expected it, with him being a firefighter. But I didn't. I started crying and begging him not to go there. Saying how he will die and how I'll just lose him right after I got him. Then he starts crying too saying how he won't. How he will come back. How much he loves me. Then he's making me promise that I'll stay here. Then he's gone. After a half an hour I decided to go to the lobby see if anyone knows anything. But they don't and so here I still am. My thoughts all bundled together. I just kept worrying and pacing. I should have told him the news before he left. What if he doesn't make it? Oh my god! I need him to make it! He has to come back. He promised he would and he never breaks his promises. Oh my god! I should have told him! He thought I was sick and was overly worrying about me. I told him I would stay here after he kept insisting. I can't believe he thinks I'm sick. I should have told him! I guess I am sick, but not how he thinks. I can't take this anymore or my thoughts. So I did what I should have done a while ago. I walked out. When I got outside, I was shocked with what I saw. People ran around screaming. Dust and rubble was everywhere. News cameras were everywhere. Reporters reported what was going on with sad looks. Children crying and clinging to siblings or parents. Couples holding each other. People were limping, covered in dust. People calling out to try to see if they can find friends or family members. Everybody's trying to find loved ones. Sirens wailed in the not so far distance. I slowly got out of my shock and started making my way towards were people were coming from. As I was walking towards where the commotion is I couldn't process what was happening around me. I was completely unprepared for what I was about to see. And when I saw it… I froze. Where the beautiful, amazing twin towers stood was now piles of rubble stories high. Parts of plane remains were buried. People were littered on the ground. Others were calling out for help from beneath remains. Here the sirens were the loudest. Police workers and firefighters ran around, trying to help everyone get to safety. I looked at each fireman hoping to see a familiar face. But I didn't. Hopelessness and doubt coursed through me filling me with horrible thoughts. Where is he? Is he helping others? Is he near here? And then the worst one pops in my head. No matter how hard I try not to think about it, it's still there. Is he… dead? I shake my head to clear the thought. He can't be. He isn't. He promised he'd come back. I then started searching frantically for him. I walked around and around, dug and looked all over. I was going through another area when I spotted her. A little girl who couldn't be more than 8. She has light brown skin, and dark brown, beautiful, curly hair pulled back. She was wearing a blue shirt shirt and jean shorts. Her brown eyes were frantic and scared, like a deer caught in headlights. Her poor little leg was stuck under a piece of rubble. She seemed too scared to do anything because she wasn't even calling for help. I ran over to her examining the scene. The piece of concrete that's on top of her leg is pretty big and looked kinda heavy. I seemed to be partially holding up a part bigger pile of more rubble on top. After studding architecture and foundation for so many years, I knew that if the piece that was stuck on the girls foot was moved, the whole thing would tumble down and crush us. I looked around to see if anyone else was around to help. Of course no one was. I examined the pile one more time. There was only one thing to do. I took a deep breath before telling the little girl what to do. "Hi! I'm Annabeth. I'm going to try to help you get out of here okay?" I told her. She nodded frantically. "Okay so I'm going to try to lift this on the count of 3. Do you think you can slip your leg out as fast as you can when I lift it up?" Once again she nodded. "Good. So after I lift it up, you are going to run away. I don't want you to get stuck under anymore concrete rubble. Got it?" She looked really scared now, but nodded anyways. "Okay…" I got into position and slid my hands underneath the rubble. "1… 2… 3!" I used all my strength to lift up the slab. The concretes sharp edges cut into my hands and arms. But I didn't care. Only a little more… "Ugghh!" I grunted out of pain as I used the last of my strength to lift it off of the little girl's leg. Black spots danced across my vision, tempting me to pass out. Still trying to hold the piece of concrete up, looking around to make sure the girl's gone, and trying decide if I have enough strength to run away fast enough: passing out really looks like a good option. Deciding quickly and without really thinking, I count to 3. "1… 2… 3…" I mumble as I quickly drop the slab and run as fast as I can. But, I don't get far. I was only about 5 feet away before I trip on something and fall face first. I put my right hand out to try and stop the impact, but that made it worse. My other hand is protecting my stomach. My head and hand are throbbing as I try to push my self up, but I can't. I'm just too sore. I know that the pile is going to crush me. But, it's not me who I'm worried about. The last few thoughts that pass through my head are something like I can't believe this is how I'm going to end. Tripping over concrete. I can see the news… 27 year old woman trips on concrete and then falls under a concrete avalanche saving a little girl… At least I did save her. Too bad I can't save possibly mine. I wish I could see him one more time… And I saw the mop of unruly, black hair and green eyes. Percy! Was my last thought and then when everything went black. I slowly open my eyes to bright lights. Once my eyes adjusted to the light, I look around the room. It was white with 2 doors, a window, sink, couch, TV, and the bed I'm in. Next to me there's a machine and I notice the 2 Ives in me and 2 casts, both on my right side. I look around again wondering why I'm here. That's when all the memories come crashing back to me. The planes, the people, the little girl, the pile of concrete, and the… My eyes suddenly went wide as I remembered. My hand flew to my stomach. I flinched at the pain from my arm. Everything was hurting and I was just so tired. My eyes fluttered closed as I heard the door open. I opened my eyes but shut the quickly from the bright lights. I remember that I'm a hospital because I got crushed by concrete. I remember worrying about the baby. I remember seeing him. I just wish I could know where he is and how the baby is. I tried to shift but didn't because it hurt too much and because arms were wrapped around me. I finally opened my eyes to look over at what, or more likely, who is holding me down. My breath hitches when I see who it is. He black hair messier than usual. He face and arms has more cuts and bruises than before. Both of his arms are wrapped around me holding me tight like I'd disappear at any time. His face looked so peaceful as he slept. His eyebrows scrunched together like he was think about something. Suddenly, his whole face squeezes together and he shakes his head whispering, "No, no. Annabeth. No!" The last was louder which makes me jump. He squeezes his arms around me tighter. "Shhh. It's okay, everything's okay. I'm right here." I whisper into his chest kissing his chest once. His beautiful sea-green eyes pop open wide. Slowly he looks down at me, eyes wide and full of surprise and disbelief. Then green meets gray. "Annabeth…?" He whispers my name like he's afraid to say it. "Percy." I say breathless. "I can't believe that you're okay. That you're here!" He raises his eyebrows in shock. "You can't believe I'm okay?! Look at yourself! Are you okay?" I stare at his beautiful green eyes that are filled with so much love. Instead of answering, I slowly, so I don't get hurt, scooch up towards him placing a sweet kiss on his lips. When I pull away he looks so happy I wish I could remember the face he's making forever. "They…they said you probably weren't going to make it. They said that you had your right leg and arm broken. You fractured your ribs and had a mild concussion. They said that you had bits of concrete and glass in your arms and legs. They told me I was probably going to lose you. You were out for 3 days. They said it would be a miracle if you would wake up and heal. I saw you go down and screamed when I saw you. You… you were covered. But, but I didn't stop believing. I kept saying that you wouldn't leave me. That we promised each other. They said you were going to leave me. They kept saying it and I just didn't, I couldn't believe it… " Percy rambles on and starts crying into my hair. After I hear him finish I start crying myself. This just proves how much he loves and how much he believed in me. "Shhh, shhhh. It's going to be okay. We're okay now. I'm here and I won't leave you…" I just hold him as he holds me and we cry into each other. I don't know how long we're like that crying before our tears dry up. But I do know that we stay holding each other until we fall asleep. After finally convincing Percy that "I'm fine. Seriously. We can leave the hospital. For Pete's sake Percy! We could leave days ago! Go home and get me clothes to change into so I don't have to wear these gross things home. GO!" He finally left after some convincing.