June 23 "Ah Harry! What brings you here this evening?" Mr. Weasley asked as the look of surprise faded from his face and turned into a smile. Harry had shown up unexpectedly after dinner, his mind racing because of what he was about to do. Ginny was to come home on the Hogwarts express in two days and Harry wanted to have a brilliant surprise waiting for her when they had their loving reunion. "Hi Mr. Weasley" said Harry "May I come in, I have something important to ask you." "Certainly Harry!" Mr. Weasley replied "Go to the sitting room, I'll grab some drinks and be with you in a moment." Harry felt as if Mr. Weasley was taking ages, but in reality, he was only alone for a minute or two. As Mr. Weasley entered the room, Harrys palms were sweating, he was tapping his foot anxiously as he built up the courage to ask for Ginny's hand in marriage. "What is it you have to ask me Harry?" Mr. Weasley asked. He had a smile on his face as if he knew what Harry was about to ask him. Harry let out a long sigh and took a moment to gather his thoughts before replying "Mr. Weasley, I would like to ask permission to marry your daughter." In reality it was only about 3 seconds before Mr. Weasley responded, but for Harry it felt like an eternity. When Mr. Weasley paused after Harry finished asking, Harry felt as if Mr. Weasley was going to say no. The thoughts of rejection raced through Harry's mind as he glanced to the clock, eagerly waiting for Mr. Weasley's response. Mr. Weasley broke the silence at last. "Of course you can marry Ginny, Harry. Molly and I and the rest of the Weasley's already consider you a part of the family, I think it's time that we finally make it official." Mr. Weasley was beaming, but nothing in the room was shinning quite as bright as Harry's smile as he heard Mr. Weasley's response. Harry was overrun with emotion. He was so happy we started to tear up and could not speak. He managed to choke up "Thank you Mr. Weasley" as he walked over and gave his soon to be father-in-law a hug. After the two disengaged, Mr. Weasley said "When do you plan on doing it?" "On Thursday when she gets off the Hogwarts express" Harry replied. "I want to surprise her in front of Hermione, Luna, and all of her other friends from school." "I'll make sure the whole family is there too" Mr. Weasley said jokingly, but Harry knew he was being serious. "Thanks again Mr. Weasley, I'll see you on Thursday along with the rest of the family." Harry called over his shoulder as he made his way towards the door. "No Harry, thank you." Mr. Weasley replied as he saw Harry to the door. He watched Harry walk out into the front yard and disaperate. As he closed the door, Mrs. Weasley came down the stairs with a look of curiosity on her face. "Who was that Arthur?" she asked. "You'll know soon enough" Mr. Weasley replied. He chuckled at the confused look upon Mrs. Weasley's face as he took her hand and they went up to bed. June 24 Harry woke up the next morning smiling to himself. This was the first day of the week off he secured himself from the auror office. Harry had his whole day planned out and was excited to get started with his plans as soon as possible. After getting dressed and having some bacon and eggs, Harry left his new home in Godric's Hollow and apparated to a back alley in the middle of London. He emerged onto the street and entered into one of his favorite restaurants, the Leaky Cauldron. Harry was happy to see that there weren't many customers at the Leaky this early in the morning, as he didn't like to attract attention. Unfortunately for him, he was the most famous wizard in Britain. Harry said hello to the barman Tom and continued to the back room where he passed through the magical barrier into Diagon Alley. There weren't many people in Diagon Alley either. He thought this was because all of the parents were at home getting ready for their kids to return on the Hogwarts Express. Harry didn't mind as he walked down the cobbled street to an overwhelmingly bright building dominating the alley, Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. Harry entered and called out "George, are you here!" Almost instantly George popped his head around a large pile of boxes and replied "Hey Harry, fancy seeing you here. What's up?" "I was just doing some errands in Diagon Alley today and thought I would stop in to see how things were going. How's Angelina doing?" "She's doing well. And no, we are not dating." George said as he saw the smirk on Harry's face. "Yet" George added and both boys laughed. "Let me know when you get around to going out, I like to stay in the loop." Harry said "I heard there is a new line of wheezes coming out" George's face brightened as Harry brought up the topic. "A teacher themed line of wheezes is being developed. I hope to release them before next school year." Harry laughed at the thought of a Mr. Filch wheeze as he saw George jumping up and down on his toes as if anxious to ask a question. "What's up" Harry asked. George looked at the ground, sighed and looked back up at Harry. Harry couldn't help but smile as it reminded him of his request to marry Ginny only the night before. Harry brought himself back to the present just in time to meet George's eye. "As you know, Zonkos close down in Hogsmeade." George started. "I was thinking of opening a store there and I needed an investor, and I was wondering if you would be interested. Angelina would run the store if you were wondering." Harry smiled at the prospect of a second Weasley's Wizard Wheezes opening up. He whole heartedly responded "Of course I'll make the investment, just let me know how much you need." George looked back at Harry with a smile on his face and said "Thanks Harry, I knew you would help me out." Seeing George happy made Harry's day as he embraced his soon to be brother-in-law and responded "You can also count on me." George and Harry spent the next two hours discussing terms and agreements for the investment into a shop in Hogsmeade Village. As Harry was about to leave, George called out to him "See you tomorrow at dinner Harry. Have a great day." Harry grinned and called back "I will, but it won't be as great as tomorrow, I'm sure of it." "What's that supposed to mean" replied George Harry yelled over his shoulder as the door closed behind him "You'll find out soon enough." Following their successful meeting, Harry set off for Gringotts Wizard Bank to make a withdrawal from his vault. Harry walked up to a podium, presented his key, and was carted off down to his vault, vault 687. Once there, Harry didn't make to withdraw any money, but walked to the left side of the vault where he kept a small velvet box with an emerald ring inside. This had been the engagement ring his father had bought for his mother, and he wanted to present it to Ginny. He took the box, left and headed to the leaky cauldron where he was meeting up with Ron and some fellow auror buddies for lunch. After lunch, Harry went to Tonk's mother's house to pick up his godson, Teddy. He and Teddy spent the rest of the day together, had dinner, and played until Teddy fell asleep on the sitting room floor. Harry brought Teddy home at around 9 o'clock and by that time, Teddy had tired him out. There were 21 hours left until Harry would be asking Ginny to spend the rest of her life with him. He was both excited and nervous. June 25 Harry woke up at 11 and took his time getting dressed. He made himself breakfast, and did some much needed cleanup around the house that took the better part of two hours. It was now 1 o'clock and Harry had nothing to do until he met up with the Weasley's for a snack at 4:30 before heading over to King's Cross Station and waiting for Ginny to arrive home. Nerves started to kick in. Harry spent the better part of the next 3 hours pacing around his house talking himself through the entire proposal. He headed over to The Burrow at 4:30 where he found the entire Weasley family, except Percy who was at work, already snacking in the kitchen when he arrived. Ron, like Harry, had opted not to repeat 7th year. The two of them and Neville were the only three students in their year whom did not repeat. Harry greeted all the Weasley's and they all greeted him with such enthusiasm that Harry thought Mr. Weasley might have let slip Harry's plans for Ginny's arrival at home. They talked and had fun for about an hour before they cleaned up and got ready to head over to Kings Cross Station. They arrived at the station at 5:45, 15 minutes before the train would be pulling in. As the clock on the wall struck six, the Hogwarts Express pulled into view. Harry's heart was pounding as he prepared himself for the biggest moment of his life, that's saying a lot considering who he is. The Express let out a long whistle and familiar faces started getting off the train. Harry was greeted by many of his best friends first as Ginny was saying hello to the rest of the Weasleys. After what seemed like at eternity, Harry and Ginny finally came face to face, both smiling wider than they had ever done so before. "Welcome home" Harry said as he hugged her tightly. "I missed you so much" he added. "I missed you to" replied Ginny as she hugged Harry even tighter. As he continued to hug Ginny with all of his heart, her head on his shoulder, he took a look around. On his left he saw all of his friends that had been through thick and thin with him, all with huge smiles on their faces. He glanced to the right and saw Mr. and Mrs. Weasley with Ron, the three of them looking elated as they watched Harry and Ginny have their moment. Harry leaned back, and his bright emerald eyes met hers. He stared into her soft brown eyes and took a deep breath. The moment had come at last. Harry got down on one knee and pulled a small velvet box out of his pocket simultaneously. "Ginny" he said, his eyes locked onto hers. "I have known you since my first day attending Hogwarts and have loved you ever since. Not a day went by this past year where I didn't think of you while you were away at school. I love you Ginny Weasley and want to spend the rest of my life with you. Will you marry me?" Tears were trickling out of Ginny's chocolate brown eyes. Lost for words, Ginny nodded her head enthusiastically and finally managed to squeak out a high pitched "Yes" as she through her arms around Harry and kissed him. They shared their passionate embrace for what seemed like a full day, Ginny's arms around Harry's neck, Harrys hands at her waist. As they both leaned back to look into each others eyes, applause erupted around platform 9 and 3/4. Harry slid his mothers ring onto Ginny's finger and told her the history behind the ring. Ginny was crying rivers of joy as the newly engaged couple glanced towards Mr. and