**These are the events of the goblet of fire mostly from Ginny's point of view. August 31 Harry, Hermione, and the Weasley's had gotten back from the Quidditch world cup the previous night. Harry, Ron, Fred, and George were in Ron's room doing who knows what. Percy was in his room working on his cauldron report, Charlie and Bill had gone back to work in Romania and Egypt, and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were in the sitting room. Ginny and Hermione were in Ginny's room. Ginny was complaining about Harry and Hermione was trying to comfort her. "I told you he would like it if you were more yourself." Hermione told Ginny softly. Ginny was in a snappy mood and Hermione had to be very careful with her word choice. "He didn't show any interest in me Hermione. I can tell that he wants nothing to do with me." Ginny sobbed. She was starting to tear up. "You don't know Harry nearly as well as I do Ginny" Hermione replied. "I can tell Harry was starting to open up with you. You guys just have to spend more time together. That's all." "Why would he even want to go out with me? I'm just Ron's stupid little sister." Ginny responded. "You're more than that Ginny. You're beautiful, funny, and smart. You've just closed yourself off around Harry and haven't let him see who you truly are." Hermione said trying to comfort Ginny; she was failing. "He hates me I know it!" Ginny practically shouted. "I don't want to talk about him anymore. If he starts liking me back, that'd be great. If not, I don't want to try and force him to do anything he doesn't want to. Let's change the topic." With that, Ginny and Hermione moved on to talk about the latest in Witch Weekly Magazine and the newest gossip coming from Rita Skeeter. While they chatted, they began packing as they would be heading back to Hogwarts the next day. October 31 "Harry Potter!" Dumbledore shouted. Harry's name had just been drawn from the Goblet of Fire. Harry was sitting on the bench at Gryffindor table looking shocked. He seemed confused. This had caught him off guard. At first Harry didn't get up to follow the rest of the champions. He looked to Ron, who gave him a look of pure smite, and then to Hermione, who nodded her head telling him to join the others in the back room of the Great Hall. "I'm really worried for him" Ginny whispered to Hermione. "You could tell when his name was called that he was caught off guard. There's no way he entered himself into the tournament."\ "I don't think he entered himself either" Hermione replied. "I think one of our school mates played a nasty little joke on him, or that theres someone else out to get him." "Let's hope it's the joke" Ginny replied. Her voice was still in a soft whisper. "I'm sure he'll do great though. He always does." Hermione smiled and said "Remember what I told you Ginny. if you start seeing other boys, Harry will get jealous and come to realize how much he actually loves you. It's how guys work. Trust me." "I trust you Hermione. but I don't know if I'll be able to go out with someone that isn't Harry. My heart just won't be in the right place." "It's the only way." Hermione promised her. At this point the rest of people the Great Hall were beginning to exit and head back to their dormitories. Hermione and Ginny followed. November 24 Today was the day of the first task. The whole school was waiting in the stands of an arena to see what the contestants would be up against. Ginny decided to sit with Luna that day and she nearly fainted when she saw her older brother Charlie wrestling a dragon out into the arena. "And our first contestant is… Cedric Diggory!" Ludo Bagman announced. Ginny watched in horror as Cedric did everything he could to get to the dragons egg. She had her eyes closed when Cedric finally got the egg, and she was a frantic state when she saw that he was burnt. Following Cedric was Fleur, and then Krum. Both had managed to get to their eggs without sustaining any serious injuries, even though the dragon lit Fleur's skirt on fire. It was finally the moment Ginny dreaded most, Harry's turn. Ginny was probably more scared than Harry when the event started. She was biting into her knuckles so hard they started bleeding. As Ginny watched the dragon swipe its tail and graze Harry's arm, Ginny let out a shriek of horror. Luna looked at Ginny as if she was the crazy one between the two. To Ginny's pleasant surprise, Harry secured the egg in record time. She was so happy for him and that he was okay. His emerald eyes shone with such pride and confidence that Ginny melted away starting into them. Harry, having just secured the egg, flew around in the air for a moment before landing. When he locked eyes with Ginny, he thought to himself 'I wonder if she likes me too? Probably not. Ron probably told her that I'm not fair game.' Harry was starstruck for a moment as he realized just how beautiful Ginny was as she stood there with her beautiful brown eyes and fiery red hair. He had never thought about her like this before and he felt guilty doing so, as she was his best mates sister. Ginny noticed Harry staring back at her. She thought to herself 'I wonder if he finally noticed me? Probably not though, I'm just Ron's stupid little sister.' She frowned slightly. This hurt Harry and it told him she wasn't into him anymore. He flew over to a group of Professors waiting to congratulate him and then he, and the rest of the Gryffindors, went up to the common room to celebrate. In the common room, Ginny kept watching Harry. But every time he would look towards her, she would quickly look away. Harry thought that she was ignoring him, which deeply saddened him. Harry decided it was best not to dwell over the lost cause and he tried to just be happy that he and Ron were now friends again. December 23 The Yule ball was two days from now. Ginny had already given up hope of Harry asking her to the ball. She was sitting in the common room talking with Hermione when Harry came in and said he just got rejected by Cho. Ginny was ecstatic about this but did her best to conceal her true emotions. Harry was obviously deeply saddened by this and seeing Harry upset also hurt Ginny. She was conflicted between happiness of Cho saying no, and sadness of seeing the man she loved so hurt. About a minute or so later, Ron entered the room. He look shook. Harry seemed to forget all about what had happened to him as he went over to see why Ron was frozen with shock. "I asked Fleur to go to the ball with me" Ron mumbled, barely audible. Ginny didn't know how to respond. But what did Ron expect? Fleur was the most beautiful girl that would be in attendance, and she was also a tri-wizard champion. Did Ron really expect her to say yes? Following Ron's little scene, he seemed to come back to his senses. "Harry" he said "Why don' you take Ginny to the ball?" Ginny thought that Harry was going to put down the idea right away, but then she saw Harry smile. She knew that Harry was going to ask her right there. "Yeah, ok" Harry began. "Ginny, would you like to go to the ball with me?" Ginny felt as if her heart just got hit by a killing curse. Harry Potter, the love of her life, the man she had been fantasizing about since she was eight years old, had asked her to the Yule Ball. And she had to say no. Ginny replied "I'm really sorry Harry, I told Neville I would go with him." Harry felt deeply saddened by this. He thought that maybe if Ginny went to the ball with him, that she would like him back. But apparently not, seeing as she was already going with someone else. "Ok then" Harry mumbled after Ginny told him no. Harry was looking at the ground now, visible disappointed that Ginny had just said no. He seemed more upset than he did when Cho said no. Ginny glanced at Hermione, who looked back at her with a feeling of deep sadness. Hermione had recommended that Ginny go with someone else to the ball, because Harry had told her that he was going to ask Cho. A tear began to trickle down Ginny's cheek as she turned on the spot and half ran, half walked up to her dormitory. She dove onto her bed, sunk her face into her pillow, and began to cry. 5 minutes later, there was a knock on the door. Without waiting for a response, Hermione entered and sat down on the bed next to Ginny. "What am I going to do?" Ginny sobbed. "That was my best chance at spending time with Harry, just me and him, and now I wont be able to." Hermione started crying as well. "I'm so sorry Ginny. If I had known that Harry would ask you I would have never told you to go with someone else. I'm really really sorry." "I don't blame you" Ginny said, not even attempting to control her crying. Hermione put her hand on Ginny's shoulder and sat there in silence for the next half hour. "Who's Harry going to go to the ball with now?" Ginny asked, finally getting over her fit. "He actually just asked Parvati" Hermione told her gently. "And Ron is going with Padma, her twin sister in raven claw. According to most of the boys, the Patil twins were considered the best looking witches in their year. This made Ginny even more upset as she thought about how she would feel if Harry and Parvati started dating. All in all this was not one of Ginny's best days. Although Harry didn't show it, he wasn't happy either. He thought there was no hope in him and Ginny ever going out, so he decided to move on. February 24 It was the morning of the second task. Ginny woke up early and went down to breakfast in search of Ron and Hermione. They were nowhere to be found. This concerned Ginny, but she decided it was nothing to fuss over, seeing as the two of them plus Harry missed meals often these days. She really got confused when she didn't see Harry either. She saw that the other three champions were still in The Great Hall, but there was no sign of Harry. Ginny was starting to worry as Professor Dumbledore announced that the champions should make there way out to the lake and that everyone else should follow in ten minutes. Ginny decided that Harry probably knew what he was doing but little did she know, he was still sleeping in the library. As Ginny made her way down to the water, she saw Krum, Fleur, and Cedric all at the waters edge. She was now really starting to panic. Where was Harry? Was he ok? What happened to him? As she was lost in thought, she was shepherded into the spectator stands by the other students. Dumbledore seemed to be be nervous as well because he kept glancing at his watch and then back towards the school. Five minutes before the task was about to start, a small figure came bursting down the lawn of the school sprinting towards the lake. Ginny recognized the way he ran from the moment she saw him. As Harry