Destined Fates It has been 4 years since I last seen the Cullen's and Edward leaving me stranded in the forest. Jacob came and saved me but he imprinted on a girl named Kathy Denis .Renée' and Phil died in a car crash a year ago. A few months later Charlie hung himself , he didn't even care about me enough to stay with me….so after all that happened I was all alone until one afternoon someone came… There was someone knocking on the door. I wasn't expecting anybody today. 'Who is it?' I asked, leaving the stove on low as I walked over to the door to open it but I felt this bad feeling creeping on me so I went to the window to see who was at the door and as soon I saw who it was I felt my world go black. I woke up in the couch and a damp towel on my head? I didn't remember falling on couch or getting myself a damp cloth? And the first thing that came to head was someone was in house and then I got up really fast and hurt my head but then I saw it was her. Victoria. She was in my house also she didn't have orange wild curls her was now blonde with light waves and she was wearing a formal dress of some sort it was black and high neck, long sleeves and she has been tracking me down for the couple of years but I would always stay with the La Push pack and also why didn't she kill me already as soon I said that I felt my whole body freeze I wanted to scream but I couldn't I wanted to run but what was the point she'd just catch me anyway so I just stood frozen just standing there like an idiot. She turns around and looked at me I felt shivers come down my spine. 'Hello Isabella 'she said 'What are you doing here?' I said in a questionably scared way ''oh, you have nothing to worry about Bella I am here to tell that I am a part of the volutri and I'm here to inform that Aro wishes to see you in Italy in a week or less also I'm here to escort you to Italy in the Volutri's private jet we leave in no more than 3 days and then we head off to Italy'' I had a think to myself; maybe I should go I mean like what do I have here? I have nobody. So I made up my mind. 'Oh okay let me grab my stuff and we could leave today' I said still looking at her just to see if she was lying .nope she isn't. Damn it so I have an 8- hour flight from forks to Italy with my use-to-be-enemy well that's nice. ''Good, well I'll be waiting outside in the car' 'she replied . . 2hrs and 40 minutes later….. I jumped in back of the Mercedes Benz with freakishly large suitcases in the boot, all through the ride there was an uncomfortable silence so I decided to break it. 'Why did you join the Volutri's?' I asked, I know dumbest question but you know a girls gotta know "Well first you killed my coven remember?' I gulped. "I uhh" 'and secondly they found out that I had powers and wanted me to join them but they didn't leave me alone for like two years or so and then it got so annoying so I eventually accepted the offer '. She replied "Oh, so…umm what's your power?" I asked She told me that she knew what was going to happens in the future of person by just touching them. But only sometimes she sees the past. I gasped at this me wondering if she could touch me and find out what's mine. Victoria broke me out of my thoughts and she said "you know I knew you were going to say in your head though when I lifted you onto that couch I saw your future but only for second because my power does not work on you apparently "she laughed 'Well, I'm finally getting the chanced to be turned' I said to myself She started to laugh and said is that the reason why Aro wants you" I mean I knew it before it's just that I never knew it was true". All I said was .oh. . . . In Italy… As soon I was out of the airport I was welcomed by golden sunlight . Hey I wander if I'll actually like it here. 'Welcome, home', Victoria said with a smile, Did she just say home? Well who cares maybe she saw my future a little bit more, I don't why but I feel a little tingly and happy at the same time also I felt less weird around Victoria, which was really strange to me. . . Once we grabbed everything in one of the cars that was waiting for at the airport, we headed off to the castle which felt like a drive of five minutes which was pretty cool with me since I wanted to go to Volterra really fast. I really didn't know why yet. I just felt like something was pulling me in. As we walked into the castle we were introduced by the door man his name was George, he was a vampire you could actually tell by his red eyes, he greeted us but in a really weird way. He bowed in front of us and said that Jane was waiting for us. Victoria just nodded and walked past. We walked down a long hallway and at the end of it Jane was waiting patiently and she said 'You came early my queen, and you bring the human with you, I'm actually curious because she didn't hesitate to come with you also Aro will be very pleased' My queen? Why did Jane call Victoria queen? 'Okay, thank you Jane' Victoria said and passed her and went straight to the throne room as soon she was in the room I saw she wasn't by my side instead she was sitting in one of the kings arms it was…Caius. Ooh... That's why Jane called Victoria queen As I walked down by myself in the throne room to the three large chairs thanks to Victoria I noticed that they were looking at me and then I turned a red ugly beetroot colour I just felt well-damned embarrassed. As soon as I reached enough space between the kings and myself, I heard someone start to talk I didn't really pay any attention in what they were saying I just loved the sound of the voice. As soon as I looked to see who was it and it was the leader of the kings, I got drawn into his beautiful eyes I couldn't look away, I think his name was …..Aro thank goodness I remembered his name and I just remember he was the one who owned the voice which meant he told me something and I wasn't listening. crap. 'What did you say again?' I politely said Everyone just gasped when I said that but he just laughed it was the nicest laugh I have ever heard and then he said again "I said do you know why you're here? 'He asked again 'No I don't actually', I replied 'Well you are here because we are worried about you getting turned into a vampire because well you see we have learnt of you through Victoria here and through the vision it came up that you mated up with that mind-reader Cullen and the Cullen's killed Victoria's supposable mate (Caius started to growl and hold Victoria more tightly while Victoria started murmuring things in his ear and I thought It was quiet amusing so I smiled) James and may I ask where is the Eddie boy now?' 'Well Eddie boy and his clan left me about four years ago on my 18th birthday stranded in a forest and all of my parents died so it's only me" I said in a confident voice Suddenly I felt someone hug me and then I found out it was Victoria and then she said' is that why I couldn't see him in your life and could only see depressing moments and funerals' 'yeah ' and then I felt another material replace another then I noticed that was hugging Aro , I smelled him he smelt like honey and vanilla and then I heard everyone gasped I swear it was getting annoying but still I was in Aro's arms and then he asked me "Do you want to get changed?" 'Yeah, I do actually because I haven't had a shower in about a day and I kind of feel dirty' He laughed, and so did the rest of the people in the room "No. I mean do you want to be changed into a vampire" 'Yeah I do actually I was hoping you would it' I replied "It would be my pleasure "he replied About three seconds later I felt his cold mouth on my neck then he bit me then I felt my world go black again. The ride wasn't that bad at all. I thought about Aro throughout the little journey becoming a vampire and suddenly what felt like only five minutes I woke up and someone beautiful looking at me. Aro's pov Me and my brothers watched over Isabella for a week this was strange though because it normally last three days but when I got changed mine was the longest, it was freaking five days but hers was longer also she stayed silent though the whole thing this was going to be very interesting when she wakes up After a whole week of looking after Izzy (I like to call her that instead of Bella) her heart stopped and she started to wake up but to astonishment her eyes weren't red rubies they were electric violent purple they were so beautiful that I heard my brothers gasp but I didn't I just couldn't take my eyes off her she was so beautiful . . Izzy pov I woke and all the three kings were with me they gasped except for my Aro (omg did I just call Aro my Aro) and then I heard someone purring It was the cutest little purr ever then I saw it Aro Omg as soon as I saw him I was in his embrace we stayed like that for like a minute then I saw a mirror across the room my eyes weren't red like Aro's but purple like a really electric purple as soon as I saw them I was in front of the mirror instead of hugging Aro I heard a little whimper when I pulled away and then I asked "Why are my eyes purple and my hair so long!" my hair was passed my butt which was cool but woah! "We actually don't know also you were in the transformation for very long time, sister", said Marcus "Why did you just call me sister and how long was I out for?" I questioned 'Which one do you want me to answer first?' he questioned back "The second one" 'Okay you were out for a week now 'he said plainly "A week! So is that even normal okay then what about the first question" "the reason why I called you sister is because you and Aro are mated and during the transformation your bond became more and more stronger, right now the lines between you and Aro are very strong also because he was your maker which make the bond even stronger and right now it's wearing me out so I'm going somewhere you aren't there because my head is sore right now" he said as he walked out of the door following with