Disclaimer : The Harry Potter franchise belongs to J.K. Rowling. Author's Note: So, once more I've decided to make several changes to a story of mine. Trying to simplify it a bit and remove aspects I find a bit… unnecessary. As it happened with "Rise of Cyrodiil", what I will do here will be a bit more extensive. There will be changes in names, certain side plots will be removed, and things will be altered to fit with my new vision for this story. The main plot remains the same as before, with the three story arcs I previously posted before remaining mostly intact. To new readers, a warning. The initial chapters will be "normal", but this will deviate from the usual Harry Potter fan-fic plot. In all honesty, it gets weird. You have been warned. It may, or may not be what you are looking for in a Harry Potter story. "Normal Speech" " Thoughts" " Other Language" Chapter 1 - The Queen and the Prince Great Palace, Augustaion, Constantinople The year was 1993, and the month of August had just begun. This date was of great interest for the woman resting inside the palace, for she knew that soon enough, her grandson would be returned to her at last. For her, it was perhaps the most joyous moment of the last years, and only surpassed by the return of her long-lost daughter. This woman was Maria, the sovereign of the United Kingdom of Portugal, Africa and the Algarves, and Empress Dowager of the Roman Empire. Her husband Alexander, the emperor, had died several years ago, and she had been left as regent over the empire, a task that while seemingly difficult came with a rather agreeable set of privileges. It had been unfortunate that he had been unable to meet his daughter once more, having died before she had retuned. When Maria, her daughter, had been kidnapped by those damned revolutionaries there had been nothing she could do, but to hope and pray for her survival and safety. Yet when she discovered that her daughter had been in Britain, and that she had discovered her true heritage on her own, she felt great joy and pride. But now, history seemingly repeated itself, and after the murder of her daughter and son-in-law, their son was also kept away from his true family, or at least what remained of it. Maria was inside the palace's small library, the old woman sitting on an armchair reading a book while warmed by a blanket. Despite being resilient, the woman's age had made her a bit sensitive to the temperature, and on this cold night it was the only way for her to feel any warmth inside the library. She was fully immersed in the book, old eyes reading and memorizing the words, ignoring the silent surroundings. At least until she heard the door of the library being opened and the footsteps of someone approaching her. The newcomer went towards the armchair, and when he was close enough, the man knelt. "Your Most Faithful Majesty, I bring news to you." He said, "From the council." Maria looked man, carefully placing the book on her lap. "What do they want?" "The council wishes to inform you that they have everything prepared for His Highness's recovery, and that if you so wish, they shall act as soon as possible," informed the man. The old monarch kept her face clear of any expression, but inside she smiled. "Inform the council that they are not to act rashly. Have them wait for the correct moment to act, and when the opportunity presents itself… Also, tell them that my grandson is to be brought here, as this is where he will be staying," she informed. "Make sure that all of his possessions are brought as well." The man nodded. "It shall be done, Your Majesty." "You may go then." The man rose and left the library, but not before bowing to the regent, leaving the old witch with her books and the warm blanket. But with her was also a profound sense of joy, and she could not help but smile slightly. Diagon Alley, London, England (U.K.) It had been two days since Harry had ran away from the Dursleys and was rescued by the Knight Bus. The events following his arrival at the Leaky Cauldron had been rather strange, as Harry was not expecting to find the Minister for Magic inside the pub. The fact that the Minister seemingly thought that the escaped convict Sirius Black was after him was alarming to Harry, but the young teen was not stupid enough to go into the streets of muggle London after the warning. Since Black was one of Voldemort's followers, it was clear that he would possibly seek to avenge his fallen master. And if what Fudge had said was right, then the years in Azkaban had perhaps warped Black's mind even more, meaning he was possibly even more unstable than he had been before was captured. Deciding that spending all the time walking around his room was a waste, Harry decided to visit Gringotts and withdraw a moderate amount of money, enough that he could buy a few things that would allow him to enjoy better his time in Diagon Alley before returning to Hogwarts. One of his stops was Flourish and Blotts, where he discovered a rather neglected section with books of foreign origin, but which had been translated into English. Amongst these books was a collection called the Encyclopædia Veneficia , apparently published in 1890 and written by a Prussian scholar called Ernst Dietrich. Harry realized that there were three volumes, and upon looking at the price he noticed that they were rather cheap, especially for Flourish and Blotts standards. Could it be that the owner of the shop wanted to get rid of them? In any case, it was a deal that Harry could not simply ignore, and he would not help but feel as if he had to possess that collection. Collecting them from the shelf, Harry went towards the shopkeeper to pay for them went to pay them, noticing that the man looked at him strangely, almost as if he was buying a fairy tale book. Harry decided to ignore the man, and simply paid the books, before returning to the Leaky Cauldron. Once inside his room, Harry sat on the bed, and began to read bits from the three books. The more he read, the more he realized how much information the books had, and despite being clearly outdated, having been written in the 19th century, the three volumes had a lot of information that was not just in text but in images as well, such as using rather detailed drawings to show the fashion used by certain wizard cultures across the centuries, sections dedicated to things such as heraldry, flora, fauna, architecture, and many other topics. 'This must have been the work of a lifetime,' thought Harry as he continued to read. "Hermione will love this." Eventually, he began to notice that many of the topics mentioned and at least directed the reader to the Roman Empire section of the encyclopaedia. Realizing that he was learning more by reading these three books than by attending the History of Magic classes, Harry opened the third volume intent on finding why the Roman Empire was receiving so much attention. And as he reached the page where the topic was, Harry's eyes widened in surprise, for the article was at least six pages long. But still, Harry's curiosity got ahead of him, and so he began to read the article. The Roman Empire The successor of the Roman Republic, the entity known as the Roman Empire (Imperium Romanum in Latin, and Basileía Rhōmaíōn in Greek), was for all intents and purposes founded in the year of 27 AD, when the Senate of the Republic gave Gaius Octavius the title of Princeps Senatus with proconsular imperium, thus beginning the period of history known today as the Principate, characterized by a clear attempt at maintaining republican traditions and denying the monarchical situation that the Empire had fell into. It was followed by the period known as the Dominate, started by Emperor Diocletian who declined the use of Princeps and became the first emperor to use the title of Dominus (translated as either master or lord). With the passage of time, this political system would evolve into what may be identified as an Absolute monarchy in the eastern half of the Roman Empire, and would later engulf the entire European and western Asian community of wizards with the Treaty of Ravenna in 801, presided over by Empress Irene due to the machinations of Leo III, the muggle Pope, which led into the eventual sovereignty of the Roman Empire over the wizarding community of the known world. The capital of the Empire changed places several times, from Rome to Ravenna in the Western Empire, and from Rome to Constantinople in the Eastern Empire. (…) While the Ottoman Turks captured the muggle Constantinople, the conflict did not affect the magical Constantinople due to its location inside the Bosphorus Cavern. (… )The Roman Empire was among the most powerful economic, cultural, political and military forces in the world of its time, and still is today. It was dissolved in the muggle world in 476 AD (Western Empire) and in 1453 AD (Eastern Empire), although it was restored in 1832. Today, the authority of the Roman Empire is challenged by the International Confederation of Wizards, which was founded after the attempted coup by Pierre Bonaccord, at the time a member of the Regency Council of the Empire. His family connections led to him being assisted by the Ministry of Magic of Great Britain and Ireland and the government of the northern half of France. The public opinion of Bonaccord led to a civil war in France, which ended with the establishment of the Northern French Republic, which became a founding member of the International Confederation (at the time known only as the Franco-British Confederation), and the reestablishment of the Kingdom of Aquitaine, which remained under Roman rule. (…) Two of the main points of the conflict comes from the views on blood purity and religion, the former being regarded with great importance in the International Confederation and having little impact in the Empire, while the latter is an issue which mostly affects the Empire, with little importance in the Confederation. While the mainstream religion in the Empire is the syncretic Aenean faith, together with many other cults, the common religious practice in nations inside the confederation is what the non-magicals identify as "neo-paganism", and which Imperial theologists describe as "flawed and established without proper research". This type of modern paganism is known to be popular amongst the families which identify as "pure-blooded", and has no known adherence amongst the less conservative population. (…) As of today, only the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Northern French Republic, the United States of America, and great part of Latin America, excluding Brazil, are part of the International Confederation, while every other magical state and nation is a member of the Roman Empire, and this includes the Goblin Conglomeration in Antarctica, a member since the Pact of Jeddah in 1796. (…) In all, the Roman Empire serves as the spiritual successor to the Al-Antidian Empire, which once reigned over the entirety of the ancient world. (…) As of the publication of this work, the current senior emperor is Romanos V, who succeeded his brother Alexios VI, having his son Alexios VII as co-emperor. Harry's reaction to the topic was of a tame surprise. He had no idea that the Roman Empire still existed, both in the muggle and wizarding worlds. He heard minor things about Rome back during primary school, but nothing too major. Oddly enough, none of this was mentioned in Hogwarts, or any of his school books. Not even