Disclaimer: The Harry Potter franchise and all of its characters belong to J.K. Rowling. "Normal Speech" " Thoughts" " Other Language" Warning: This story is heavily based on my King of Kings, Ruling over Rulers story. Chapter 1 - The Empress and the Prince Kadriorg Palace, Tallinn, Estonia The year was 1993, and the month of August had just begun. This date was of great interest for the woman resting inside the palace, for she knew that soon enough, her grandson would be returned to her at last. For her, it was perhaps the most joyous moment of the last years, and only surpassed by the return of her long lost daughter. This woman was Maria Anna, the sovereign ruler of the Russian Empire and of the United Kingdom of Portugal, Africa and the Algarves, and the Queen Dowager of Nicaea. Her husband Alexandros, the King of Nicaea, had died several years ago, and she had been left with the leadership of the Regency Council of the Roman Empire, a task that while seemingly difficult came with a rather agreeable set of privileges. It had been unfortunate that he had been unable to meet his daughter once more, having died before she had retuned. When Maria Theresa, her daughter, had been kidnapped by those damned revolutionaries there had been nothing she could do, but to hope and pray for her survival and safety. Yet when she discovered that her daughter had been in Britain, and that she had discovered her true heritage on her own, she felt great joy and pride. But now, history seemingly repeated itself, and after the murder of her daughter and son-in-law, their son was also kept away from his true family, or at least what remained of it. Maria Anna was inside the palace's small library, the old woman sitting on an armchair reading a book while warmed by a blanket. Despite being resilient, the woman's age had made her a bit sensitive to the temperature, and on this cold night it was the only way for her to feel any warmth inside the library. She was fully immersed in the book, old eyes reading and memorizing the words, ignoring the silent surroundings. At least until she heard the door of the library being opened and the footsteps of someone approaching her. The newcomer went towards the armchair, and when he was close enough, the man knelt. "Your Most Faithful Majesty, I bring news to you." He said, "From the council." Maria turned towards the man, carefully placing the book on her lap. "What do they want?" "The council wishes to inform you that they have everything prepared for His Highness's recovery, and that if you so wish, they shall act as soon as possible," informed the man. The old monarch kept her face clear of any expression, but inside she smiled. "Inform the council that they are not to act rashly. Have them wait for the correct moment to act, and when the opportunity presents itself… Also, tell them that my grandson is to be brought to the Palace of Nicaea, as that is where he will be residing as of his arrival," she informed. "I will travel there tomorrow and I want them to make sure that all of his possessions are brought as well." The man nodded. "It shall be done, Your Majesty." "You may go then." The man rose and left the library, but not before bowing to the Empress-Queen, leaving the old witch with her books and the warm blanket. But with her was also a profound sense of joy, and she could not help but smile slightly. Diagon Alley, London, England (U.K.) It had been two days since Harry had ran away from the Dursleys and was rescued by the Knight Bus. The events following his arrival at the Leaky Cauldron had been rather strange, as Harry was not expecting to find the Minister for Magic inside the pub. The fact that the Minister seemingly thought that the escaped convict Sirius Black was after him was alarming to Harry, but the young teen was not stupid enough to go into the streets of muggle London after the warning. Since Black was one of Voldemort's followers, it was clear that he would possibly seek to avenge his fallen master. And if what Fudge had said was right, then the years in Azkaban had perhaps warped Black's mind even more, meaning he was possibly even more unstable than he had been before was captured. Deciding that spending all the time walking around his room was a waste, Harry decided to visit Gringotts and withdraw a moderate amount of money, enough that he could buy a few things that would allow him to enjoy better his time in Diagon Alley before returning to Hogwarts. One of his stops was Flourish and Blotts, where he discovered a rather neglected section with books of foreign origin, but which had been translated into English. Amongst these books was a collection called the Encyclopædia Veneficia, apparently published in 1890 and written by a Prussian scholar called Ernst Dietrich. Harry realized that there were three volumes, and upon looking at the price he noticed that they were rather cheap, especially for Flourish and Blotts standards. Could it be that the owner of the shop wanted to get rid of them? In any case, it was a deal that Harry could not simply ignore, and he would not help but feel as if he had to possess that collection. Collecting them from the shelf, Harry went towards the shopkeeper to pay for them went to pay them, noticing that the man looked at him strangely, almost as if he was buying a fairy tale book. Harry decided to ignore the man, and simply paid the books, before returning to the Leaky Cauldron. Once inside his room, Harry sat on the bed, and began to read bits from the three books. The more he read, the more he realized how much information the books had, and despite being clearly outdated, having been written in the 19th century, the three volumes had a lot of information that was not just in text but in images as well, such as using rather detailed drawings to show the fashion used by certain wizard cultures across the centuries and even a section dedicated to heraldry, amongst other things. 'This must have been the work of a lifetime,' thought Harry as he continued to read. Eventually, he began to notice that many of the topics mentioned and at least directed the reader to the Roman Empire section of the encyclopaedia. Realizing that he was learning more by reading these three books than by attending the History of Magic classes, Harry opened the third volume intent on finding why the Roman Empire was receiving so much attention. And as he reached the page where the topic was, Harry's eyes widened in surprise, for the article was at least six pages long. But still, Harry's curiosity got ahead of him, and so he began to read the article. The Roman Empire The successor of the Roman Republic, the entity known as the Roman Empire (Imperium Romanum in Latin, and Basileía Rhōmaíōn in Greek), was for all intents and purposes founded in the year of 27 AD, when the Senate of the Republic gave Gaius Octavius the title of Princeps Senatus with proconsular imperium, thus beginning the period of history known today as the Principate, characterized by a clear attempt at maintaining republican traditions and denying the monarchical situation that the Empire had fell into. It was followed by the period known as the Dominate, started by Emperor Diocletian who declined the use of Princeps and became the first emperor to use the title of Dominus (translated as either master or lord). With the passage of time, this political system would evolve into what may be identified as an Absolute monarchy in the eastern half of the Roman Empire, and would later engulf the entire community of wizards with the Treaty of Ravenna in 801, presided over by Empress Irene due to the machinations of Leo III, the muggle Pope, which led into the eventual sovereignty of the Roman Empire over the wizarding community of the known world. The capital of the Empire changed places several times, from Rome to Ravenna in the Western Empire, and from Rome to Constantinople in the Eastern Empire. (…) While the Ottoman Turks captured the muggle Constantinople, the magical Constantinople was not affected by the conflict, due to its location inside the Bosphorus Cavern. (…)The Roman Empire was among the most powerful economic, cultural, political and military forces in the world of its time, and still is today. It was dissolved in the muggle world in 476 AD (Western Empire) and in 1453 AD (Eastern Empire). Today, the authority of the Roman Empire is challenged by the International Confederation of Wizards, which was founded after the attempted coup by Pierre Bonaccord, at the time a member of the Regency Council of the Empire. His family connections led to him being assisted by the Ministry of Magic of Great Britain and Ireland and the government of the northern half of France. The public opinion of Bonaccord led to a civil war in France, which ended with the establishment of the Northern French Republic, which became a founding member of the International Confederation (at the time known only as the Franco-British Confederation), and the reestablishment of the Kingdom of Aquitaine, which remained under Roman rule. (…) Two of the main points of the conflict comes from the views on blood purity and religion, the former being regarded with great importance in the International Confederation and having little impact in the Empire, while the latter is an issue which affects the two factions in an almost equal way. While in the Empire the known religion is the Perennial worship, assisted by many cults, some of which have existed before the advent of Christianity, the common religious practice in nations inside the Confederation is the revived cult of the Celtic tribes prior to the Roman conquests. It's far more famous in Britain than in the other territories of the Confederation, and it is known to be practices by the older families, which self-identify as "pure-bloods". (…) As of today, only the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Northern French Republic, the United States of America, and great part of Latin America, excluding Brazil, are part of the International Confederation, while every other magical state and nation is a member of the Roman Empire, and this includes the Goblin Conglomeration in Antarctica, a member since the Pact of Jeddah in 1796. (…) In all, the Roman Empire serves as the spiritual successor to the Atlantean Empire, which once reigned over a large part of the ancient world, reaching as far as Thailand in the East, and the entire American continent on the west. (…) Although while the magical empire still exists today, the Imperial Throne remains empty, which led to the creation of the Council for the Governance of the Institutions of the Empire of the Romans, known better as the Roman Regency Council, responsible for the executive, legislative and judicial branches of the Empire, having currently Romanos II, the King of Nicaea, who became a member of the council in 1864, before his ascension to the throne, as its leader. (…)The last Roman Emperor was Constantine XI Palaiologos, who died during the Fall of Constantinople, which occurred in the muggle world. (…) Harry's reactions as he read the topic were mixed, being shocked by the fact that the Roman Empire still existed, at least in the wizarding world, and that he had not heard of it before, especially in Hogwarts, or mentioned in any of his school books. It was rather surreal to think that it still existed, after all these years, and that Britain was in a conflict with it. Still, the