(What's going to be left of the world if you're not in it?) There was just something about parties. Maybe it was the late nights or the dancing or (more likely) the alcohol, but as soon as a gathering of people was labelled a 'party' it was like everyone got caught up in an indescribable frenzy. There was something about parties that drove Lily round the bend. Through the haze Lily could make out Marlene dancing with some boy that looked like trouble, giving him the eye in a blatant way that she wouldn't if this were a normal situation. But it was a party , and that meant Marlene had probably had more than a few drinks, and the music and atmosphere was affecting her common sense. That new Nicki Minaj song started, the beat vibrating through Lily's body, and the living room swelled with people struggling to find room. Alice rushed past Lily and grabbed Marlene's hands. Giggling they began the crazy dance they made up a few years ago that mostly involved jumping and high-fiving. Lily sighed and leant against the rough wall, content to just watch her two best friends enjoy themselves. Maybe this was the reason for her dislike of parties, she found it nearly impossible to dance with people watching her. She'd tried closing her eyes, getting drunk, requesting her favourite songs, but she could never manage more than some swaying and vague hand movements. Alice thought it was because her mother was a (failed) ballerina, that dancing meant something to Lily that it didn't to most. Marlene thought it was because Lily was a shit dancer. Lost in thought, Lily didn't notice Frank join her leaning against the wall. He mouthed something that got lost in the heavy beat and Lily gestured to her ear. 'I got you another lemonade!' Frank yelled in her ear and handed her the bottle. Alice's boyfriend specialised in being quietly thoughtful. (Every inch of the birthday card was used, washing up was done without being asked and he had once driven across town to fetch Marlene's favourite eyeliner). It was a good balance for Alice's extravagant grand gestures, mused Lily as she thanked him. They leant in silence for a few minutes, observing the proceedings. Marlene was now snogging a blonde, whilst Alice appeared to be launching into the sprinkler. Frank shook his head, smiling. 'She really is something else.' A young red-headed guy, clearly unable to hold his alcohol, practically fell on top of Lily, forcing her even closer to Frank. Someone who was presumably the bloke's brother pulled him away, but their apologises were undermined by their shared laughter. 'Bloody Weasley's,' Frank said disdainfully, 'they always manage to crash these things.' Streams of people continued to push into them now that Lily's spot was no longer established. That was another thing Lily disliked about parties, the lack of personal space. When the venue was too small for the guest list Lily felt like she went hours without taking a breath. Someone changed the song halfway through Hey Ya to Don't Stop Believing and in the half a second between the switch, Lily was slightly overwhelmed by the general chatter and, perhaps more disturbingly, the smell of sweat and a hint of urine. Alice gestured wildly at Frank to come over, who shot an apologetic glance at Lily. 'It's okay!' Lily yelled, 'I'll catch up with you later.' Frank shrugged and made his way over, Alice wrapped her arms around his neck and they began to sway. Lily blew her fringe away from her forehead, it was absolutely roasting in here. With a quick look to Marlene to check she was okay, Lily weaved her way through the crowd in the kitchen out on to the tiny balcony. Ben Fenwick, whose party it was, frequently said he had rented his flat because of the balcony. It was a little grotty and there was only room for two rickety chairs but the view over London was spectacular. Lily sank into a chair gratefully, and wondered if she'd be able to make out her flat from here. Lily had grown up in a miniscule village up north, and even after all these years the lights of London took her breath away. Someone from inside the kitchen slammed the door shut, and the music and chatter immediately muffled. Lily breathed deeply; there was nothing quite like being by yourself at a party. She didn't dislike it per say, she was used to it. But it was very isolating in a way Lily didn't often experience. Lily checked her watch and sipped her lemonade. She did usually drink more than this, it helped her relax, but she and Marlene had to get the bus home tonight and doing that anything less than sober was asking for disaster. Inside the flat something crashed and the lights changed colour. If they weren't careful, Ben was going to get another noise complaint, the end of exams be damned. Lily shivered, the temperature difference between the living room and outside had taken her by surprise. She was about to nip back inside for her cardigan when the door crashed open. Lily jumped up and turned around. And there he was. There were four reasons Lily had started avoiding parties, and the first was standing and staring right at her. And worse, oh God, Lily's stomach revolted, and worse he had his hand up the back of some girl's shirt. Fuck, this this was the reason Lily hadn't been to a party in the last five months. Because James Potter always seemed to be there. 'Fuck, Evans.' He muttered, running his free hand through his hair, 'Just my luck.' There was an uncomfortable pause that seemed to go on an eternity, in which Lily fought the urge to be sick and James removed his hand. 'I didn't think you'd be here,' Lily eventually managed to get out, 'The day after exams finish you usually go out with your mates.' 'Benjy said he'd stop emailing us cat videos if we came,' James explained, grimacing like he was regretting his decision completely. He wouldn't stop staring at her so Lily looked out past him instead, studying the window into the kitchen and wishing she were there. The girl he was with coughed awkwardly, looking between the two of them. 'James, I'm going to go,' she murmured and he didn't argue. 'Sorry about-' Lily gestured to the girl's retreating back. 'It's fine,' said James shortly, 'It wasn't a big thing.' 'Oh.' James moved towards the chairs, 'Do you want to sit?' 'P-James. I'm not sure if this is a great idea.' 'Evans.' James looked at her. 'I haven't seen you in five months. I'd appreciate it if you sat down.' James sounded so different, stiff and cold. Lily didn't blame him, she just missed the days when he couldn't go five minutes without trying to make her laugh. They sat down. The beat from the music was in time with Lily's heart. 'How have you been doing?' asked Lily tentatively. The lights of London seemed almost menacing now, like a warped spotlight. 'I've changed my mind; I don't think I can do this.' James messed up his hair again, a nervous tick that Lily felt a surge of affection for. 'Look,' Lily said determined, 'I don't think I got the chance to say this properly, but I really am so sorry.' 'Let me get this straight.' James' voice hardened in that way it did when he was angry. A helicopter flew on overhead and he raised his voice to the point where he was on the verge of shouting. 'You're sorry for breaking up with me. After I told you I loved you, an hour into the birthday party that I organised for you and three days before my dad had a heart attack!' 'Oh, God.' A hand flew to Lily's mouth. 'I had no idea about your dad! Is he okay? Are you okay?' 'Yeah. Yeah, he'll be alright.' 'I am sorry. Not for breaking up with you-' James let out a bitter laugh. 'But for the way I did it. I freaked, and I'm sorry. And I'm sorry if that's not enough for you.' 'Yeah okay.' James stood. 'You know, I've spent the last five months incessantly wondering about you, hoping you're okay, worrying about you. And now I get you alone, I find I don't actually care. I guess Sirius is right. I am over you.' Lily was expecting her heart to break again, but not to shatter, to explode, fragments burying in her stomach and throat. 'Bye, Evans.' He left, and his flat tone hurt almost as much as his words. Lily blinked back tears and tried to control her breathing. She fucking hated parties. The morning after was, well, the morning after. Marlene was pale and drawn, cursing everything that made any noise. Lily, like the amazing friend she was, was frying her some eggs whilst they waited for Alice to get home from Frank's. 'Never, ever, let me drink tequila again,' said Marlene, 'I'm serious Lily, it is the root of all my problems.' 'I thought that was Schnapps.' 'That too.' Marlene groaned into her hand. 'I just remembered the name of that guy. Quentin. How pretentious! Without tequila, I swear I would never-' 'Morning all!' Alice breezed in, seemingly unaffected from last night's events. 'I got Danish's. Have fun last night Mar? I feel so refreshed this morning.' 'Why are you like this?' Marlene demanded. 'Why am I friends with you?' 'Don't blame me for being a lightweight, or for having bad taste in guys.' Alice flung the Danish's towards her and hopped onto the table. 'I reckon it's only because it's been too long,' Marlene considered, happier with a pastry in her hand, 'We haven't been to a full blown rager in ages. Ever since, well, you know.' 'Speaking of,' Alice chimed in gently, 'I think I saw Siri-Black yesterday. Snogging Lacey Chambers in the loo.' 'Do you reckon-' Marlene started but was cut off by Lily plonking a plate full of eggs in front of her. 'James was there,' said Lily, and then added, quieter, 'We talked a little.' 'Oh.' Said Alice and Marlene together, exchanging looks. 'How did it go?' ' Funnily enough, not great. He basically said he was over me, hates me and wants me to die a fiery death.' 'Lily, come on,' sighed Alice, 'That can't be true.' 'Yeah, I didn't think James would ever be over you,' smirked Marlene. Alice shot her a look. 'I know this is hard Lils,' she said hesitantly, 'and for the record I think this has gone on long enough. But you can't really blame him for trying to get over you.' 'You broke up with him. After he said he loved you, during your birthday party, sorry gathering , with all of his friends there,' added Marlene helpfully. 'Marlene!' Alice cried. 'It's the truth!' 'That doesn't mean you need to rub it in! Honestly, you can be so insensitive, especially when you're hungover.' 'Well then you should avoid sensitive topics when I'm hungover!' Lily ignored their bickering, and helped herself to an apple turnover. The worst thing was Marlene was right. It unsettled her, being the one in the wrong. Usually Lily took care to end her relationships gracefully and courteously. But blurting that she didn't love James in front of their friends was one of the worst things she'd done. Although his words had stung last night, she couldn't say she didn't deserve it. 'Lily, back me up here!' Alice's shrieking had reached unknown decibels whilst Marlene rolled her eyes. 'I agree with Alice,' Lily said dutifully. (Now you'll be missing from the photographs) Lily had a couple of months before her masters course in English Lit began at University, and had successfully applied for an internship at a publishing company to fill the gap. Not only