Here's something I came up with after reading Philosopher's Stone and Prisoner of Azkaban, but was inspired by Lion Unity by Fruitality. Text in italics are lifted directly from Prisoner of Azkaban to set the scene for certain scenes and feel that these extracts come under the idea of Fair Use. I combined both this and my one shot about if Harry's ban was legal. QUIDDITCH ARGUMENTS Then, at their final training session before Saturday's match, Oliver Wood gave his team some unwelcome news. "We're not playing Slytherin!" he told them, looking very angry, "Flint's just been to see me. We're playing Hufflepuff instead." "Why?" chorused the rest of the team. "Flint's excuse is that their Seeker's arm's still injured," said Wood, grinding his teeth furiously. "But it's obvious why they're doing it. Don't want to play in this weather. Think it'll damage their chances..." "Let me get this straight," Harry asked, "Slytherin are allowed to get a change because dear old Draco has faked an injury yet, when I was in a coma with genuine life threatening injuries before the final two years ago, you weren't allowed a change in date and had to play without a Seeker?" Oliver could only nod. Harry didn't say anything until the evening meal when all the teachers were in the Great Hall. Harry got up from the Gryffindor table and walked over to the staff table, carrying a roll of parchment, apparently wax sealed baring the Potter family crest. Everyone watched him, expecting a bombshell. "Professor McGonagall, I hereby tender my resignation from the Gryffindor Qudditch team on the grounds of the very special and bias treatment given to Slytherin House." Harry said, handing over a roll of parchment. McGonagall broke the wax seal, unrolled the parchment and began reading. "Like what?" Snape sneered. "Number One - Professor Snape frequently overrides Gryffindor bookings of the Quidditch pitch leaving us unable to practice. When Draco Malfoy was named Slytherin's seeker last year, Professor Snape signed a note overriding Gryffindor bookings. When I was named seeker two years ago, Gryffindor did not seek Professor McGonagall's permission to override other teams' bookings of the pitch to train me, despite the fact I had never been on a broom before. Number Two - when I was unconscious in the hospital wing at the end of my first year, a request by the Gryffindor captain to postpone the match for a couple of days was refused and because they weren't allowed to find a reserve Seeker, probably at Professor Snape's suggestion, Gryffindor had to play without one, yet Draco Malfoy fakes an injury and Slytherin are permitted to postpone their match." Harry said. "Mr. Malfoy suffered a serious injury Potter." Snape said. "Malfoy suffered a minor scratch after HE provoked the Hippogriff TWO months ago by ignoring the instructions of the teacher. Did you see what happened? There were fifteen witnesses who can verify it but Professor Snape would probably only allow Slytherins to testify. Last year, Gilderoy Lockhart vanished the bones in my arm, which required serious medical attention after a Bludger broke it then I spent the night having my bones regrown and you didn't catch me milking it for all it was worth. I recall I had a Potions lesson with you afterwoulds and despite the problems I was having, you deducted 30 points, failed my potion and gave detention. Madam Pomfrey's also cured worse injuries than a cut arm in moments. I recall she mended Neville Longbottom's broken arm in seconds." Harry said. "Mr Potter is right," Madam Pomfrey said, "All Mr Malfoy had was a scratch and that was healed in seconds." Harry stormed over to Malfoy and vanished the sling and bandages, which were noted to have been done up by an amateur. It could be noted that there was no sign of an injury. Someone threw something at him and without thinking, he caught it without problems, forgetting there were staff members watching. "I rest my case." Harry said before sitting down. "Potter is right." Daphne Greengrass said, "In the common room, Malfoy goes about without the sling or bandages and uses his arm without problems, even on the day he got the scratch. I heard him say he was doing it in order to get Hagrid sacked." Harry knew there was a reason he liked her. "He also admitted in a Potions lesson," Harry said, "in which he abused his relationship with Professor Snape to get Ron Weasley and myself to do his work for him. He got OUR grade while Snape failed us that lesson. I also recall that he was excused lessons for at least a week." "Fifty points from Slytherin Mr. Malfoy," McGonagall said, "and detention. Mr. Potter, these accusations are serious, but mostly correct. I did wonder why Rolanda refused to postpone the Quidditch final a few years ago and allow Gryffindor to play without a Seeker. I know I was not consulted on letting Slytherin switch with Hufflepuff for this match. It appears that the decision to postpone Slytherin's game was a fraudulent decision based upon lies. Rolanda," McGonagall turned to Madam Hooch, "as Deputy Headmistress, I am ruling that Slytherin will be playing as originally planned but they will either have to find a new Seeker for the match or play without one as Mr. Malfoy will be serving detention on that day, which, Severus, you will not get him out of." There were cheers from the Gryffindor table. "Then Mr. Potter will be serving detention too," Snape said, "for making up lies as usual." There looked like there was going to be a riot from Gryffindor, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff. "He's not telling lies!" someone shouted. "I saw Malfoy provoke that hippogriff!" someone else shouted. "SILENCE!" Dumbledore shouted. "For goodness sakes Severus, you need to leave your grudge against James Potter in the past. Mr. Potter is not the person you portray him as. I have never known him to tell a lie. The detention is overruled. But Severus, I will be investigating these claims that you frequently override Gryffindor booking the pitch for practice. In the meantime, requests to book the pitch will go through me." "What about the lies involving the dragon two years ago?" Snape asked. "Hagrid, guilt ridden over an incident in the forest came to me and explained everything. I tried to reverse the points deduction but I was told not to. Mr Potter never told a lie during that incident." McGonagall said. Gryffindor played Slytherin as McGonagall decreed. However, the weather was terrible. Hermione Granger taught Harry a spell to make his glasses repel water and he was permitted to use it as it did not give him an unfair advantage. But the Dementors visited the grounds and began to administer the kiss to Harry. Thankfully, he fell off his broom before they could take his soul. Harry's Nimbus 2000 was blown by the wind into the Whomping Willow, which destroyed the broom. Remembering the humiliation Harry and Gryffindor gave the Slytherin team when he proved Malfoy had faked his injury and Slytherin had no time to find a replacement Seeker, Snape saw a chance to get even with the Gryffindor and Ravenclaw match. Oliver Wood decided that Harry's Firebolt deserved a space of honour on the Gryffindor table "Sure you can manage that broom, Potter?" said a cold, drawling voice. Draco Malfoy had arrived for a closer look, Crabbe and Coyle right behind him. "Yeah, reckon so," said Harry casually. "Got plenty of special features, hasn't it?" said Malfoy, eyes glittering maliciously. "Shame it doesn't come with a parachute - in case you get too near a dementor." "Do you even know what a parachute IS?" Hermione Granger asked. As usual, Draco ignored her while Crabbe and Goyle sniggered. "Pity you can't attach an extra arm to yours, Malfoy," said Harry. "Then it could catch the Snitch for you." The Gryffindor team laughed loudly. Malfoy's pale eyes narrowed, and he stalked away. Moments later he came back but with Professor Snape. "Impressive broom Potter," he said, "but I'm afraid I will have to confiscate this." "Why?" Harry asked. Wood left the table to find McGonagall. "As I understand, there was no evidence to show who purchased this for you. We did not see this broom arrive. I know your relatives do not know how to purchase a broom and since the Weasleys cannot afford one, it is most likely it was stolen." "How do you know I didn't owl order it myself?" Harry asked. "Because Potter, I know for a fact you are not permitted Quidditch magazines," Snape said, "I will confiscate this and make sure it is examined by the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. For all we know, YOU snuck into Hogsmeade, found your way to Diagon Alley and stole it." Snape said. "Even if I did go there," Harry countered, "how do you know I didn't use my own money to buy it? I might have gone to the shop during the summer holidays and put my name on a waiting list." "You stole that broom Potter," Snape said, "you will not be playing today's game because you will not admit to stealing!" "Severus!" McGonagall shouted, "That broom is not stolen." "How do you know that it was not stolen?" Snape asked. "Mr. Potter received the broom for Christmas. Mr. Potter, concerned that it might have been brought and jinxed by Sirius Black came to me about it. While Filius and Rolanda were checking it for jinxes, I checked with Quality Quidditch Supplies. They confirmed to me that a man came in to purchase the broom and had it sent to Mr. Potter for Christmas, gift wrapped on the condition it was anonymous and Mr. Potter didn't find out. I know the name of the man involved. The owner of the shop has known the man for over twenty years and swore an oath that he could be trusted. If Mr. Lucius Malfoy can buy brooms for the entire Slytherin team, then members of other teams are entitled to have brooms brought for them. Mr. Potter, the broom will not be confiscated," McGonagall said, "and Severus, I will be having a word with you over your repeated insulations that Mr. Potter snuck out of school and stole it. Mr. Potter – you will not be serving detention and you are free to play today's game." "What makes you think I'm not permitted Quidditch magazines Professor?" Harry asked, "I've read Oliver Wood's collection of Quidditch magazines without punishment. I own Quidditch Through the Ages without punishment." Snape was itching to tell Harry that he was confiscating the book and issue a punishment for reading Quidditch magazines but he knew McGonagall would never let it stand. If he issued that punishment, then he would have to confiscate every student's copies of the book or punish them for reading the magazines. He wanted to make Harry's time at Hogwarts so unbearable, he'd want to leave. "Mr. Potter," McGonagall said, "there is no such rule except for reading them in class. You are permitted Quidditch books and magazines." Harry dived again, and Cho, thinking he'd seen the Snitch, tried to follow; Harry pulled out of the dive very sharply; she hurtled downward; he rose fast as a bullet once more, and then saw it, for the third time - the Snitch was glittering way above the field at the Ravenclaw end. He accelerated; so, many feet below, did Cho. He was winning, gaining on the Snitch with every second - then - "Oh!" screamed Cho, pointing. Distracted, Harry looked down. Three dementors, three tall, black, hooded dementors, were looking up at him. He didn't stop to think. Plunging a hand down the neck of his robes, he whipped out his wand and roared, "Expecto patronum!" Something silver-white, something enormous, erupted from the end of his wand. He knew it had shot directly at the dementors but didn't