(Written challenge from Lamia of the Dark) :) Title: Nothing Is Easy Prompt: Taking care of a baby OTP: James & Lily Potter XoX "I know honey, but she means well. You know that." "I know, Lils… but she calls every-single-day ." A rather short girl with long wavy red hair, and emerald green eyes began shuffling through her purse as they reached the dark chestnut door of the Potter Cottage; having the invisibility cloak thrown off her. "You have to admit, James, my mum has been quite helpful the past few months." She looked over at her husband; tall with tousled dark hair and square spectacles that sat in front of his hazel eyes. "Merlin… where are the keys?" "Oh! Uhm…" James settled down the baby carrier by his feet, as he began searching all his pockets and the diaper bag. "James!" Lily yelled out, alerting her husband as he quickly glanced at Harry who was holding his key ring and trying to place it in his mouth. James bent down, taking the keys away and replacing it with a teething ring. "Lil' man nicked my keys." Lily took hold of them, unlocking the front door and entering; throwing the keys down on the hallway table. "He's already turning out to be as mischievous as you." James followed closely behind, setting the carrier down and taking Harry out; holding him close to his chest. "Please, until he puts a charm on all the chairs in potions class that makes people fall through them when they sit… I am still the champion." He said proudly, grinning down at Harry who's wandering hand laid on top of James' lips. Lily rolled her eyes, throwing her scarf on the coat rack and placing a hand on the back of Harry's head, kissing him lightly, and then turning to her husband to place her lips on his. "I'm going to get washed up, mind putting Harry down?" "No problem, mama." "Goodnight Harry, dear. Mommy loves you." Lily smiled down at her son, caressing his baby soft head before ascending the stairs to the bedroom. James reached down to grab the diaper bag, and ascended to Harry's room. He opened the door, flicking on the soft yellow light and dropping the bag down on the rocking chair by the entrance. James walked across the room to the small wooden crib that already contained Harry's soft blankets and small toys. Carefully, he put him down; wrapping him lightly in his soft blue covers and leaning over the side of the crib. "Alright little man, I trust you'll actually get some sleep tonight. Daddy's tired; Daddy had to listen to Grandma talk about all the different types of baby formula's… and all these muggle ways of baby proofing the house…" James gazed lovingly at his son, rubbing his tired eyes while Harry smiled up at him. "Yea, I think it's silly too. Besides, wouldn't you say mommy and I are doing a good job so far?" Harry continued smiling just before shoving a teething ring inside his mouth. "I'm sure I'll hear enough about it when you turn into a teenager." James joked, remembering not too long ago he was a teenager himself, having pointless fights with his parents and going through that stage every parent had to prepare the most for. "Love you buddy, good night." James kissed him lightly just before turning off the lights and heading towards his bedroom where Lily was already under the covers, leaning against the headboard with a book under her nose. James kicked off his shoes, and began dressing into his sleepwear. "Everything go alright?" Lily asked, flipping a page in her muggle book. "Yep, I'm sure he'll just drift off soon." James accompanied his wife, throwing his spectacles off on the bedside table and pinching the bridge of his nose. "Are you okay?" "Yea, just mentally preparing myself for baby proofing the entire house tomorrow the ' muggle' way." Lily grinned, "Mum told me once that when Petunia was just about a year old, she had gotten into the kitchen cabinets. Apparently she knocked over the flour and the entire bag toppled down on her." James laughed, "You did that when you were sixteen baking that birthday cake for Remus, don't you forget." "I don't think you'll ever let me." Lily turned over, turning the lamp off and setting her book aside as she got comfortable in her bed covers. "Mind turning on the monitor?" "I hate these things." James grabbed onto the baby monitor sitting beside his bed, looking at the object as if it came from the year 3000. He'd use it a few time before, but he could never remember how to work the muggle thing. He began turning dials, and pressing buttons till he heard a quiet noise. Turning it up, the quiet noise turned into a loud screeching static sound that scratched at their ears. "Turn it down!" Lily yelled over the sound, cupping her ears. "I don't know how… this bloody thing won't shut up!" James was turning the monitor in all directions, trying desperately to look for the correct buttons. Lily grabbed onto the monitor, turning the dial to channel two and lowering the volume so all that was heard was white noise. Lily was better at the muggle things her mum insisted on the two having; she did live with non-magic folk all her life. James on the other hand… was feeling overwhelmed with the lack of magic that was being used because Lily's mum deemed it 'unsafe' . ' What if you accidentally turn him into a cat? Or burn the bottle so the milk is too hot? Or drop the carrier because your wand-thing was pointing in the wrong direction?' James understood that she didn't understand magic as much as he and Lily did; but they were some of the best wizards in their graduating class! Surely they could at least use a simple levitating spell to carry all their things… but whatever made Mrs. Evans' happy made Lily happy; and when Lily was happy, James felt like he was doing his job. "It's alright, you'll get it." Lily ran her fingers through his untidy hair, pushing it out of his face before placing the baby monitor down beside her. James turned over, relaxing his arm around her torso and holding his wife close so he could feel the strands of her red hair tickle his neck, and smell the soft scent of shampoo that lingered. He took a deep breath, finally getting to shut his eyes as he began drifting into sleep while feeling the calm rise and fall of Lily's stomach. It seemed like eternity since they'd shut their eyes; Godric's Hallow was quiet and still, the moonlight was shining in through the bedroom curtains, and the soft purple nightlight creeped down the hallway into the view of their opened door from Harry's bedroom. It seemed like months since Lily and James had an actual good nights' rest. They were always up and about, running from and to Harry's room; trying everything they could to be the modeling parents they read about in muggle books. Deep down they knew no parent was perfect… but the added pressure from being so young, made them terrified to what people would say if Harry didn't turn out right. Of course, they kept this to themselves. Now, about that good nights' rest… … The alarming cries of a distressed baby came blaring out of the baby monitor. Lily pushed on James' shoulder, "James… James it's your turn." James groaned in response, turning over so he was face down in his pillow. Lily let out a harsh breath, throwing the covers off and dragging her feet across the hallway to Harry's bedroom. The loud cries amplified once she walked in. She hurried over to the crib, picking up Harry in her arms. "Sh, it's okay. Mommy's here," She bounced him lightly, trying to calm him down but nothing seemed to be working. Lily grabbed her wand, flicking it towards the small radio on the windowsill so classical music flowed gently throughout the room. "Sh… Harry, please. It's alright…" Lily said, continuing to lightly bounce her son. "Hear that? It's piano. Da-da…da-da-da …" She started to quietly sing to the tune of the piano, but Harry's face was even redder than before. Suddenly, shuffling footsteps approached and James was now in the room, groggily looking up at his exhausted wife. "James…" Lily gave him a pleading look. James turned off the radio, grabbing his acoustic guitar and sitting down on the rocking chair. "What are you doing?" "The boy doesn't like classical, babe. It's simple – he's a Potter, he simply likes Rock n Roll'." James said, tuning his guitar. "James… I don't know…" James began strumming; and what seemed to be working throughout the past few versus, suddenly got louder as if the volume on Harry was turned up as loud as the volume of the baby monitor. "James, I think that's too harsh right now." Lily began clearing the tears off Harry's reddened cheeks. James exhaled, putting away his guitar and taking hold of Harry in his arms. "How do you not like Buddy Holly?" "James!" "Alright, alright. Uhm… ' Before you cross the street, Take my hand, Life is what happens to you, While you're busy making other plans. Beautiful boy.'" James tried singing in a hushed tone, yet it just seemed his voice was drowned out by the loud screams. "How can such a little boy, produce so much sound?" Lily crossed her arms over her chest, unsure on what else to do. "Maybe… put on your Dumbledore costume?" James glanced over at her, "What? No way. That was for Halloween one year, and one year only ." He said, keeping his dignity. "Then I don't know James! I'm out of options, and I'm not sure what to do." Lily slumped down into the rocking chair, putting her head in her hands. "This is hard… and the neighbors can probably hear us failing right now." James placed Harry back in the crib, bending down so he was eye-level with Lily; placing a comforting hand on her arm. "Hey… don't be like that, Lils. We're not failing… we're just… having a tough time. We can get through this, okay? I'll figure something out." Lily's green eyes glossed over his, and she gave a small nod. James stood up, looking around the room for anything that would help the situation… He hurried over to Harry's play chest, swishing his wand so it illuminated and shuffled through the box. He hadn't noticed it before, considering his head was deep in the toy box and he was more focused on what toy would be amusing enough for the kid to fall asleep to… but it dawned on him that the only noise he could now hear was himself throwing toys around in the box. James turned around; Lily looking as surprised as James, noticing Harry was looking directly at the light on the tip of James' wand. "This?" James said, pointing to the wand. He flicked the light off, gaining the oncoming weeps of Harry until James turned it back on. "He likes the light, James." Lily said, tucking Harry in. "Can you keep it on?" "Isn't it a bit bright? It'll keep the baby up, no?" "Can't you dim it?" James shrugged, then an idea popped in his head. It only took about an hour, but Harry had finally fallen asleep holding his favourite dragon stuffed animal in his small hands. James leaned against the crib, holding tiredly at his wand where his light blue stag patronus stood; in the corner of the room. He looked back at Harry relieved, putting down his wand so the room grew dark, all but that one purple nightlight. "Lils." James looked down at Lily who was laying asleep on his lap. He pushed