Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, J.K Rowling is the author. Another Disclaimer : The story is going to contain mature content, so if you're not into that... fair warning. I've never written a multi-perspective story before, so any constructive feedback would be awesome! I plan to make this connect to my other fic, 'Black's Daughter,' as well. Chapter 1: Who They Are "Marlene! Marlene Anne McKinnon , will you slow down!?" A young girl with long curly blonde hair, and icy blue eyes that rolled upon demand walked briskly with a suitcase following her trail; weaving in and out of the large group of people standing around the platform waiting for the train. "You're only thirty-seven, I'm sure you can catch up." She shouted as her trunk clunked and tipped with the momentum she picked up as she rushed past a group of familiar faces, but not the faces in particular she was looking for. "Marlene!" Her name, once again, was ringing in her ears, and her mates were nowhere to be found. If she had to she would run around the platform a few more times until the train departs – making a quick exit so she wouldn't have to hear the usual comments her mother seemed to make. Unfortunately, all else failed, when she was immediately stopped by a taller man with short wavy hair and square spectacles. Her eyes widened as he stepped out in front of her, her ankles twisting about at the sudden obstacle and slamming into his chest. "Not this year, Marls." "What is this?" She asked as the feel of his fingers tightened around her arms. "Last time you did this, my mum wanted me to give you an intervention." "Yeah? And what brilliant advice does James Potter have to offer me today?" The corner's up James' lips turned up, "Please, I have enough problems of my own to be giving you advice." Marlene jerked her arm, but his hold was too strong. "Let go of me James!" She yelled and the people standing by were eyeing the two over their shoulders. "Nope. If I let you go, your mum will tell mine, and I won't hear the end of it," He said, turning her body around so she was now facing her family making somewhat of an effort to catch up with her. "Basically I'm taking all the lectures you run from," he dipped down so she could feel the warmth of his breath against her ears, "you're welcome." Marlene groaned in annoyance as James released her arms to wave at her approaching family. "Morning Mrs. McKinnon." James' arm found its way around Marlene's neck. She looked up, catching his broadened smile and wondering how he always managed to do that – it was hard enough for her to show even the faintest sight of one around her family these days. "Ah, James! Very good to see you. I see you've caught up with Marlene." A woman, the spitting image of Marlene though twenty years older, pulled off the laced glove on her left hand and reached out to welcome James. "Is your mother around, dear?" "Just left actually, she was in a hurry. She did want me to tell you that plans were still on for this weekend." "Oh good! Can't wait to catch up with her." "Why? So you can talk about me some more?" Marlene scoffed, her blue eyes piercing her mothers' as the smile on her face slipped. Silence circulated around their group, as the train whistle became their savior for the awkward moment. James reached down to grab his bags, "I'll see you on the train, Marls." Marlene picked up her own bags, turning on her heel but her mother's voice was once again calling out for her. "Marlene, wait!" "What is it now…" She turned around sluggishly, impatiently waiting to finally break free and to find her friends. Her mother reached inside her purse, pulling out a neatly folded uniform and handing it to her daughter. "Your uniform. Best you put that on as soon as you can," she insisted, analyzing her daughter from her grey top that stopped midway and the jean jacket that covered it, to the pleated plaid skirt that fell on her thighs, "Don't understand why you would go out dressed like that." Marlene's face turned a few shades of red, her eyebrows pressed together. "Because unlike you, mum, I don't care to parade around showing off my social status-" "That's enough," Marlene's older sister, Elise, who looked just the same as their mum though with short blonde hair, stepped in and hooked their arms together – pulling Marlene out of the war zone she was about to construct. "I'll see to her on the train. Meet you guys outside." She said to their parents, who decided to not wait for the departure and turned around for the exit. "Am I everybody's rag doll today?" Marlene said, as Elise pulled her to the steps of the train and finally released. "Enough with the attitude, Marlene." She said critically, handing her sister's bags to the conductor. "Yeah, thanks mum." Marlene placed a foot on the steps but Elise's hand stopped her from going any farther. "When did you start acting like this?" Marlene looked back at her sisters concerned features, "Let me think… what day was it mum got married?" She pulled her arm free and continued ascending the steps. "Oh come on, Marley," Elise shouted from the platform, holding her purple hat in place on her head, "I haven't seen you smile all day." "That's because I didn't try to." She said obviously, crossing her arms against her chest at the top of the steps. Elise played a smile on her lips, holding the door open that tried to close behind her sister. "Well try to then. You've got a beautiful smile, you know? I'm sure Gideon would agree." Marlene couldn't help it, she couldn't suppress the short-lived grin that her sister always seemed to fish out of her. The two might be quite opposite in terms of interests and priorities, but they shared a bond that no matter how impossible it was to find – it was always still there. "Love you, Marley." Elise said, letting go of the doors and letting them close between them. Finally, the last whistle signaling their departure was blown and parents standing just outside the train on the platform were yelling their goodbyes and waving off their children. Marlene made her way down the aisle, squeezing between students who were running back and forth from compartments to windows for their goodbye's. She opened the door to the Gryffindor cart, and her eyes immediately shot up to a man leaning against the window talking to his brother, who was in Gryffindor house. She ran over, a smile broadening on her lips as she threw her hands over his eyes. "Guess who!" She laughed, as he jerked forward in surprise. "Mm, tough one. Might it be anybody but my girlfriend?" He jested, pulling her hands down so they were wrapped around his neck. "Alright, smart one." She swung around, stepping between him and his brother Fabian, and placing her lips on his. His hands wrapped around her waist, his short brown hair swaying with the wind as the train began to pick up. "Miss me?" She looked up into his green eyes, admiring the way they looked at her. "Of course," He leaned in, kissing her once more till the sound of his brother clearing his throat caught their attention. "I'll be going then," Fabian said, raising his eyebrows and pointing in the other direction. "See you later," Gideon said just before looking back down at his girlfriend's widened eyes, "I best get going too." She pouted, "Now? I've just got here." "Well, why weren't you here earlier?" He said playfully, waving off a few passing students. Marlene tilted her head back in annoyance, "Ugh, you wouldn't believe my mum. She-" "Well, well, look who we have here." Marlene and Gideon's gaze turned over to the man approaching them. He was hard to miss in any crowd; long black hair, leather jacket, the smell of smoke followed him – and of course, he was an eye catcher for most girls at Hogwarts. Sirius Black, not necessarily a close friend of Marlene's – but they were both close to James, so they had to tolerate each other. If she had to list the top things she couldn't stand about Sirius, it was his arrogance, and the fact he flirted with about every girl in Hogwarts (according to her). He outstretched his arm, leaning against the window and hovering over Marlene. "Marlene, my angel. You look beautiful this morning." Marlene looked over her shoulder, whatever smile she could muster on her face fell almost immediately. He knew she hated that, but did that ever really stop him? "Back off, Black." She told him pointedly, turning back towards Gideon who looked at Sirius contemptuously. "You know, most people say thank you when they're complimented." "Alright, that's enough," Gideon said lightly, pushing against Sirius' shoulder to create space between him and Marlene. Sirius matched Gideon's gaze, a smile forming on his lips. "Ah, Prewett. Didn't see you there. Though I guess not many people do." Marlene turned around; she wasn't having it. "Don't you have some place to be?" "I could be asking lover-boy over here the same thing." Sirius' eyebrow raised at the Ravenclaw before him. Gideon and Sirius weren't necessarily the worst of enemies; but they definitely weren't friends. One wrong prank in the 4th year, and any respect they had for each-other was out the window. Gideon insisted to take it upon himself to match fire with fire, and call out Sirius about some personal things that hit home to him. Things his brother, Regulus, only mocked him for – and with his other Slytherin friends of course. Though their fights never resulted to anything physical; Sirius didn't find it worth the detention, and neither did Gideon. "Sorry, when did you become prefect?" Marlene mocked, placing a pointed finger to his chest. Sirius chuckled lightly, "Better watch out, Prewett, your bird can't keep her hands off me." He flashed a smirk, running his fingers through his long black hair and turning to walk over to his compartment. "I'm sorry, he can be such a git." She said, tucking her long blonde hair behind her ear. Gideon gave a half-grin, "It's alright. I should get going though," He leaned in, kissing the side of her face gently, "See you later?" Marlene tried to match his grin, but her lips gave up. Sirius was one of the few people who knew how to get under her skin. "Yeah, see you." She watched her boyfriend turn around and exit the Gryffindor cart; and with that, she walked over to the familiar compartment she and her friends have been using since year one. Sliding the compartment door of 13C, she was pleased to finally find the red-head she'd been looking for, leaning in the corner with her legs propped up and a book against her knees. "Should've known I would find you in here, reading up on," Marlene stepped in, making her presence known as her red-head friend looked up at her with her emerald green eyes. She peered around to look at the pages of the book, "Gone with the Wind." She chuckled, sitting across from her. Lily closed her book, stretching her legs out to full length. "What's so funny? It's a historic novel." She said, as if justifying her interest. "You're such a hopeless romantic." "Am not," she protested, swinging her legs so her feet were planted firmly on the ground. The two fell silent momentarily, then Lily's eyes smiled up at her. "I see you've got a tan." "I see you haven't." Marlene said playfully. The two knew well Lily had a hard time getting any sort