(Disclaimer: I do not own anything of Harry Potter ) Chapter 1: Back at Hogwarts June 20 th , 1996 The bone-chilling wind swept across her smooth skin sending a tight prickling sensation through her crossed arms and down her bare legs. Her long black hair sailed across her neck as it fought to fall behind her shoulders. Her feet planted on the only elevated ground of the hill, pointing towards Hagrid's hut that released a plume of thick grey smoke into the air. She'd been holding it in all this time, caging away what was fighting to break out; finally, letting it loose, hiding away the lock forever as a tear traveled down her pale face. Warmth cupped at her shoulders as a hand steadily made it presence on her stiffened frame. Her grey eyes, despite knowing the very owner of that hand- she'd recognize the feeling of that touch anywhere- rolled back with her neck. A light, momentary grin played on her face as if it wasn't enough to just cast a view. " It's weird how it all works, isn't it? I hadn't even known the man for most of my life, and there he was- just out of reach." Her chest fell as her breath became heavy- maybe she should've kept it locked up. In one swift movement his fingers became lost in her hair, as his arm found its way around her neck. Her arms locked around his waist as she buried her head in his chest. " I know exactly how you feel." "Bye, bye sweetheart. Don't forget to send an owl when you arrive." "I know, same as every year." "She'd be proud of you; you know…" "Yea… alright I've got to go." A tall, rather skinny girl hurried towards the Hogwarts Express, hopping onto the open platform just before turning on her heel, her long wavy black hair spiraling behind her as she waved to an older woman, with short blonde hair who waved on back. The loud whistle sounded from the front of the train, signaling the sudden movement and turn of its large wheels shaking the girl in surprise. Quickly, she hurried inside the train, squeezing between passing students who were trying to find compartments just the same. Just as she reached the last section of the Gryffindor compartments, she swung the door wide and was greeted by three shocked expressions as she stood by the doorway. "Oh- sorry… everywhere else is full. Do you mind?" She said, clutching her bag closely by her side. "Erm… not at all." A tall redheaded boy replied, shifting in his seat to form room. The girl entered the compartment, closing the door gently as she walked between the pairs of legs that made it an obstacle to get to the window seat. Upon resting herself down, she placed her bag on her legs and looked out the window. "Is that your dog?" She asked, as she looked through the glass and noticed a black shaggy dog running after the train. "What?" A boy with short brown hair and glasses asked, "Mm… no- no I don't see a dog." The girl pressed her eyebrows together suspiciously, yet shrugged it off. A few moments went by of complete silence till the red headed boy beside her cleared his throat in an awkward way and reluctantly began to speak. "So… erm… who're you?" The girl looked up from her bag, darting her hazel eyes around the compartment to the three people sitting around her. Tucking a strand of black hair behind her ears and nervously answering; "Uhm… Victoria McKinnon. You?" "Ron Weasely." The boy answered, tapping uncomfortably on his leg. "This is Hermione and-" "Harry." The boy across from her said, her reflection shining through his round spectacles. "Pleasure." Victoria said, giving a small grin to the three. Hermione, the girl who sat across from Ron, had long brown wavy hair and a worried expression plastered on her face. "Fifth year, right?" "Right." Victoria thought it was an odd question; they'd been living in the same dormitory for years now and she had noticed Hermione a few times, but their cliques were different so they never necessarily talked beside the one time Hermione asked Victoria to clasp her bra before the yule ball. The ride to Hogwarts made Victoria feel most uncomfortable; as if she wasn't wanted in the compartment. The three tried to keep a conversation, yet every now and then would nudge each other on a subject and whisper, giving glares to her as if whatever they were talking about she shouldn't hear. About an hour later, Hermione stood up from her chair, wrapping herself in her Gryffindor robes and opening the compartment door before pushing Ron's shoulder. "Get up! C'mon Ron." Ron's weary eyes blinked slowly as a blow to his shoulder that connected with Hermione's history book spiked his attention leaving him fully awake. "Oi! What'chu do that for!" "C'mon Ron, we've got prefect duty!" Hermione said, throwing her history book beside Harry. Ron rolled his eyes before getting up and following Hermione out of the compartment, "See you in the dorm, mate." He nodded off Harry and gave a look to Victoria before closing the door behind him. Victoria looked at Harry who was tapping on his legs and looking down by his feet. "Are they always like that?" Victoria said, making conversation. "You wouldn't believe me if I told you it's normally ten times worse." Harry said, grinning. "Do you mind if I ask- you're Harry Potter aren't you?" She said, holding her lips tight in a hardline, hoping she hadn't asked the wrong question. Harry roughed up his untidy hair anxiously. "Er, yea." Victoria had heard about Harry Potter, of course. Famous Harry Potter, how could she not have? He was only on the front page of the Daily Prophet for nearly a year. ' Boy who lived, tri-wizard champion,' 'Harry Potter wins tri-wizard cup,' 'The boy who lies,'… She knows he's been hammered with questions, and other odd statements about… well his existence… so instead she snapped her lips shut and smiled; which caught him by surprise as he stared at her- as if he was waiting for an upcoming question, yet never got any. "Looking forward to any classes this year?" Harry asked, fixing his glasses up the bridge of this nose. Victoria looked out the window in thought, watching as the large green hills rolled by slowly from her perspective. "Defense Against the Dark Arts, of course. I hear we'll be learning about the real stuff this year- can't wait." Harry blinked widely at her, "Really? Me too… I wonder who'll be the new teacher." "Dunno. If it was my choice, I'd bring back Professor Lupin. Definitely my favourite teacher thus far." Victoria watched as Harry tried to hide a grin that crept up the corners of his lips. He raised his hand up to his mouth, stroking his chin as he tried to hide his expression; then the train came to a sudden halt, jolting him forward. Victoria watched as Harry tried to clumsily put his expression on check, rising from her seat and opening the compartment door. "Guess I'll… see you around?" "Right, see you around." She whirled around, closing the compartment door behind her and headed out the train with a large group of eager Hogwarts students. Squeezing her way through the bodies that continued to hurry inside the castle, she grabbed onto an arm and pulled on a girl with long strawberry blonde curly hair and dragged her aside. "Hey! Oh- Vicki what's going on?" The girl asked as she looked anxiously around her. "C'mon, let's head up for the common room before a teacher see's." Victoria said impishly; and with that, the two girls slinked up the stairs and hurried into the Gryffindor tower. The portraits they passed were all attentive and chipper, smiling and waving as they ascended the revolving staircases and entered through the portrait hole. They were greeted by a roaring fire that spilled heat throughout the common room, and their favourite maroon sofa sitting in the center. Victoria moved to the corner of the room, kneeling on the cushion of a small arm chair and leaning over the back-part to open the small window half way. The breeze rolled in, blowing her hair behind her as she searched through her bag for her pack, taking out a smoke and placing it between her dry lips and lighting it with her wand. She inhaled deeply and coughed upon release. "Lavender, how was your summer?" Lavender trailed around towards the sofa, where she laid sprawled on the thick maroon cushions. "Wow, sounds like you're dying over there. Is that what no-smoking for three months does to you? My summer was the usual, you?" Victoria shrugged, resting her head in her hand and taking another hit from her smoke. "It seems like each year she gets more and more worried about what goes on at Hogwarts. Always asking me to check in, and not get myself mixed up with this and that." She rolled her eyes. "Can you blame her though? After what Harry said about… you know…" "Voldemort?" Lavender lifted her head from the cushion, wincing at the sound of his name being spoken out loud. "Er… yea… who knows if he's telling the truth." "Do you not believe him?" "I don't know. You know me Vicki, I try not to think about that sort of stuff. Why, do you?" Truthfully, the entire picture creates an ambivalent feeling in the pit of her stomach. "Honestly, I think I do. We have no reason not to trust him… besides, you only do yourself more harm not thinking about it… you should prepare yourself while you can, Lav." Victoria said sincerely before taking one last inhale of her cig and putting it out on the windowsill before walking over to her mate and lunging beside her. Lavender grinned looking up at her best mate, "That's why you're becoming an Auror… and I'll be the nurse." Victoria rolled her eyes, reaching down to her bag that rested on the carpet and pulling out an old burnt picture. She caressed the corner of the photo, smiling dolefully. "She'd be proud of you." Lavender said, looking over Victoria's shoulder at the picture between her fingers. "So I've heard." "Who else could produce a corporeal patronus at thirteen?" "Lupin was an excellent teacher." "Reminds me, I wonder who is the new D.A teacher this year…" Lavender wondered. "I guess we'll find out tomorrow." Suddenly, a loud creaking sounded from behind the two as the portrait hole swung open and welcomed a group of Gryffindor students inside the common room. The students began to disperse entering their respective dormitories. Lavender shot up from the couch, waving out at someone in the group. "Pavarti! Hold up!" She stretched out her arms and wrapped them around Victoria's neck, "See you tomorrow!" Just like that, Lavender rushed out the common room and into the dormitory. After a few moments, Victoria turned at the sound of the portrait hole opening once more, instead welcoming two familiar faces. Harry and Ron entered through the common room, an odd eerie feeling filled the room as everybody looked and whispered about Harry. She looked around the room, not a single eye was anywhere else but Harry's presence. She decided to look at him too, catching his gaze as he stood before the stairs to the boy's dormitory, looking at the students practically enraged. To her surprise, Seamus, a fellow fifth year stood up and mocked Harry about his sightings of Voldemort. Victoria kept her eyes wide as the two spat back and forth before Ron intervened. "So, you sayin' you believe this rubbish?" Seamus said, throwing his hands in the air. Ron nodded, standing beside Harry. "Yea… I do. Does anyone else have a problem with Harry?" The entire room went still, and