"So, why don't we start with how your week has been" I took a deep breath and looked over at the petite man sitting in front of me. Tilting my head to the side I just looked at him. Throughly annoyed. Glancing around the room I studied his various degrees awarded to him. Harvard, Oxford, Harvard again. Degrees that allowed this shmuck to charge four hundred dollars an hour. What a waste. Glancing back over at him I finally replied "It's fine. Stressful as usual, but fine." He nodded "I thought we had discussed trying to bring your stress level down?" I snorted. Because that is obviously an option. "My father wouldn't allow that. I wouldn't allow that. There's money to be made." He sighed, taking off the half moon spectacles that sat on the boney bridge of his nose. "Money isn't everything you know" "So says the man who won't let anyone through the door unless they make at least seven figures." Ignoring my jab he continued "Your mental health is important. Your anger problems rival some of the most extreme I have seen and stress is a clear aggravator. Have you been taking your pills?" I outright laughed at that. "I'm havin second thoughts" I replied ignoring his question. My bathroom counter looked like a pharmacy. I took more pills in a month than a test subject did. Just not the ones he wants me to take. "About the pills?" "No, this whole thing. This whole arrangement. Security I mean. I mean I come here, I tell you things, I don't know how safe it is." He sat up straighter in his chair before replying "I understand your concerns. But I told you the ground rules. As long as I don't hear anything incriminating—" I cut him off, raising my voice "You don't fuckin' get it. Bein here incriminates me. Somebody see's me, they tell someone else. All a sudden, I'm a goddamned celebrity." I had been coming to these little therapy sessions for about three weeks now. On orders from my mother. Apparently she was getting tired of my anger issues. Supposed anger issues In my line of work, anger helped. I didn't take well to incompetent fuckers. If she wanted to blame someone, she should blame her husband. He was just as bad as I was but she was sleeping with him so there was his anger outlet and his way out of her demands. You didn't tell Carlise Cullen what to do. Whether you were the kid down the street or the damn President. He was the hardest motherfucker this side of the pond and he liked to keep it that way. Stretching out in the chair I was being held captive in for the next thirty - two minutes, I focused back on the therapist who was rambling on about breathing techniques and taking time off work. Rolling my eyes I realized he had stopped, waiting for a response. "Sorry, what was the question?" He took a deep breath before speaking again "How are things with your girlfriend, Jane?" Clenching my fists, I tried not to roll my eyes for the hundredth time. Jane was my stuck up bitch of a girlfriend. Truth be told, I was just waiting for the right time to end things. "She's fine. Still a Cunt as always." "You seem even more angry at her than last week. If you are so unhappy, why haven't you broken up with her yet?" I pondered the Docs question. Emmett had just broken up with his girlfriend the week before and it only egged me on to end things with Jane. Tanya, Emmett's ex-girlfriend and Jane, I swear came from the same pod that ascended from Hell. They were two of the most annoying women on this planet and I have no idea what we saw in them to begin with. Regular sex is what you saw I scoffed at my inner voice. The sex was great, but it wasn't worth the personal time. I had grown to resent her and my family fucking hated her. Mother was basically sitting on the edge of her seat with a bowl of popcorn waiting for me to break up with her. "The problem is her brother. He works for me" Doc nodded. "So you're worried about the professional consequences that will come with ending the personal relationship you have with his sister" I looked up at the ceiling, thinking of how to word this. I wasn't scared of Alec. He worked for me and while my dad was the Head of the Family, you didn't mess with any of the Cullens. He wouldn't dare cross me because he knows how it would end. But I needed him to have is head in the game while we waited on a shipment coming in. He had been the one in contact with our our friends down in Columbia and I wasn't about to screw up a job worth upwards of a million. "I'm not worried, but as you say stress isn't good for me and and I just don't have the patience to deal with his bitching. After the next shipment i'll deal with it" "By shipment, you mean delivery? You have a big money transfer coming up?" If only you knew I almost laughed at how on the mark he was. But the kind of shipment was far different than mine. As far as he knew, legally, my family owned a construction company and a line of trucks that did money delivery and exchanging for banks. I smirked to myself. The government had been legally helping us exchange our dirty money for clean money and they couldn't even catch us. Of course the public was aware of who we were, we had been around forever. La Costa Nostra as the FBI called it. Five original families. Our companies are always under the watchful eye, but we were just that good. We also pay a seven figure retainer every year to a law firm in the city to make sure that we stay clean. A bunch of hoity toity geebs who stuck their noses in books to make sure as far as the police were concerned, we were law abiding citizens. There were, of course times when they tried to bring allegations against us but their efforts were fruitless. They were just a bunch of children running around trying to pick up bread crumbs. Lifting my Rolex into eyesight, I noticed it was time for me to leave. I bounded up out of the black leather chair and pulled out my wallet. Throwing a few hundreds at the doc, I straightened out my suit and walked to the door. Turning back I nodded "Good talk Doc. See ya next week" Before he could say anything I bolted out and slipped my sunglasses on as the mid day sun shone bright in my eyes. Taping the handle on my 7 Series BMW, I opened the door and slid onto the buttery leather seats before any possible tails could notice me. Zooming out of my parking spot, I headed back towards the New York line. I drove out to bum fuck Newark New Jersey to see this Doctor. He was known for seeing clientele that wanted to float below the radar. Fucking shmuck Blaring on my horn at a minivan that was swerving into my lane, I turned up the bass heavy rap song playing on my radio and sped up, nearing 100 on the speedometer. I'll never understand people that buy cars like this and don't drive it the way it was built to be driven. About half an hour later, I was in back in my state and heading towards one of the penthouses I owned in the city. My brothers were inevitable already there making a mess. I rolled my eyes. As much as they annoyed me, I loved those shit heads. They were my blood, and if I had learned anything, they were the ones to have my back. No one else. The true definition of ride or die. Yelling in frustration at the idiot taxi drivers, I finally rounded a corner and came to a screeching holt in front of the guard gate at the bottom of my building. Recognizing who I was, he waved me in and I pulled into a spot right by the elevator that was always open for me. Throwing my glasses into the seat next to me, I got out and made my way to the elevator. Noticing that a family with a screaming baby was about to catch the one I was in, I quickly jabbed the button to close the doors. Seeing the mother huff in annoyance I laughed to myself. Pressing the PH button, I listened to the classical music playing over the sound system. Feeling the itch to play my piano, I made a mental note to set some time aside to have to myself. As soon as the doors opened, I walked onto the marble floor and heard yelling coming from the living room. Smelling pizza, I followed the yelling and the scent and walked down the few steps into the open room and took in the sight before me. Emmett was in his boxer briefs with pizza crust hanging out of his mouth while furiously hitting the buttons that were too small for his oversized beefy hands, while Jazz was in a pair of basketball shorts with an unlit joint hanging out of his mouth while hitting the buttons just as hard. It was kind of comical to the say the least. They had yet to notice my arrival and I looked up at the breakfast bar that bordered the floor to ceiling window and saw Jazz's long time girlfriend sitting there reading some type of text book. She looked down at me and smiled. Alice was a tornado in her own fashion. She was loud and annoying but she was great, and her and I got along really well. Sometimes I wished I had a girl like that, but I had gotten to the point that I had little belief I would get that kind of happy ending. The one my parents had and the one we all knew Jazz and Alice would have. They were so in love it was actually sickening. Turning back to my brothers, I walked over and in front of the tv to grab a slice which got their attention. "Hey! you're in the way! This is an intense game!" I plopped down on the couch and munched on the pizza while I waited for them to finish up. Emmett was the first to speak "So what're you up to baby boy? How was the shrink?" Ignoring his jab, I looked over at him "It was fine? How was not getting your dick wet last night" He threw a pillow at me while yelling back "I may not have gotten laid, but at least I wasn't being slimed all over by the devil's mistress" I heard Alice yell "Ew" from somewhere over by the kitchen and Jazz laughed. Truth was, we hadn't slept together in weeks. And I was almost positive she was sleeping with someone else on the side, which was another piece of ammunition I was going to use when I broke up with her. An added reason on to why I had to wait to break up with her, I needed proof and I needed to know who it was so I could kill the fucker. I may not have wanted her, but we were still together and I didn't deal with disloyalty. I certainly wasn't getting any on the side. "Shut up, you know were not sleeping together. That winch wont ever get a drop of cum off this dick ever again." Jazz took this time to speak up "Have you found out who the dude is?" I shook my head. Before