Edit Note: I use Canadian spellings (more similar to those of the UK than those of the U.S. but still a bit different. Ex: "colour" instead of the American "color." And "tire" not the English "tyre." Looking for a beta reader, I have always had trouble spotting my own mistakes in my writing - if anyone is interested please send me a PM. A/N: Hello folks. I won't keep you long, just some introductory things. This is my second attempt at writing a fic, the first failed horribly because of coursework. This may eventually develop into a slash fic if I include romance at all. It's rated T currently, this may change, but there will almost certainly be no smut. There will however be mature themes and language - eventually. Feel free to PM me if you have questions or comments. Assuming they never grow too large in volume I will get back to you eventually. Regards, K. Chapter One – Storm Born The wind howled like it never had before. Rain beat against the windowpanes curving the glass slightly – just enough to make the inhabitants of the large wooden manor home wary, despite the charms that prevented their fears from being actualized. Thunder crashed above them, quickly following the lightning strikes that struck down century old trees that dotted the land. The entire manor shook with the latest gust of wind. The glass enclosing the various candles and lanterns that lit the room vibrated. Strange tinkling and rattling sounds filled the room that could have been misinterpreted as signs of the manor itself being nervous. They were quickly drowned out by a loud but clearly distant bang, likely something from the grounds had taken wing upon the storm's gusts and struck the manor. It was neither the first or last of its kind. The room's occupants were deathly quiet, that being said they barely noticed the sounds of the storm. A red haired witch was the focus of the entire room; she was heavily pregnant and whimpering incoherently. Her forehead shined with a thick coat of sweat and her hair was plastered over her face and neck. Her breathing was deep and ragged, her skin even more pale than usual. But she was too exhausted to scream any more. Lily Potter was giving birth, and it would likely be her final act. The tension in the room was interrupted by a young mediwitch. "She still has a chance, Albus". The young diligent woman who dared to speak stood between the red head's spread legs. Her arms were coated in blood, in some spots reaching up as far as her elbows. The old wizard she had spoken to nodded, a permanent grimace decorating his face as he stood over the group and watched silently and helplessly with his hands folded. At the head of the red head's bed were her husband and closest friend. Her husband held her hands as if he was ready and willing to pull her back from death at a moment's notice. He uselessly muttered kind and pleading words into her ear "Lils… Lils you cannot leave me. Lils I need you…" He barely spoke but still everyone in the room could hear him. Beside him, his wives best friend stood unable to look at her struggling friend. Her body wracking with silent sobs "The purple one Alice – give her the purple one" the determined mediwitch left no question in her tone, the emergency of the situation was clear. Alice wasted no time in guiding a vial with a thin purple liquid between her best friend's lips. They continued this way for some time, the other residents of the room were quiet, acting as a stoic guard. Four other figures stood around the room at various points. A tall man hovered behind Alice, watching James, his own best friend, plead and beg for the life of his wife and the babe she was to bring into this world. He cursed the Gods that he was unable to do anything and that the couple could not share the blessing of an easy birth he and his wife had experienced just yesterday. A man with red hair, barely seventeen, stood in front of the large picture window scanning the grounds for any possible danger. A single fang earring protruded through his left earlobe, barely visible through his untamed orange hair. Several scars already decorated his young face. A scrawny man with black hair stood in the far corner behind James. His eyes shone with worry. It was unfair that a babe would have to be brought into this world without a mother, and the mere shadow of a father it could have had if its mother had lived. Sirius remembered the loss of his own lover, and child, holding back tears. This was not the time to remember the tragedy he had gone through himself. Beside him stood another man, this one with sandy-blonde hair, he looked aged beyond his years and his typically kind demeanour was currently warped by a mask of worry. "Fight the darkness Lily, you have the power within you to overcome this." The whitened wizard continued to watch one of his most loyal followers battle for her life and that of her unborn child. Not long after Albus's words Lily's breathing became increasingly laboured – coming in long and deep shuddering gasps. A moment later the silence of the room broke with a wailing cry so loud that for a moment it drowned out the sound of the storm. Lily's stricken face twisted into the happiest of smiles at the sound, the baby's wails making it through to her barely conscious mind. Her hollow looking eyes focused just enough to stare at the light she had brought into the world, her son. "Jamie Potter" her cracked lips croaked out the name before they broke into an exuberant smile. The babe was cleaned and handed to Albus immediately. It would have to wait to be examined by a professional; the babe's mother was closer to losing her life. Despite the miracles magic could produce childbirth was rarely ever easy. Albus looked over the babe quickly, cast a few spells over it, and then handed the child to James, wrapped in a soft blue blanket. He coddled the babe in her arms, kneeling close so that Lily would great the new life she had brought into the world. She cooed at the boy as she started to doze off – slipping away to rest. A reddish brown tuff of hair, and deep brown eyes were all that could be seen of the babe as it snuggled into its mothers hold. The healer however was not resting; she began worrying. Lily's bleeding hadn't slowed down at all, if anything it had increased. There was no sign of afterbirth… In fact, all the typical signs indicated a second child was on the way. Lily remained dilated. Contractions continued. She frowned, she was not told to expect a second babe – and her scans did not originally indicate there would be a second child. Twins she thought – they must be twins. "But how?" She whispered under her breath. Outside the storm grew louder. The wind whipped at the manor in a frenzy, tearing at the walls as if it was trying to force its way inside. Lighting flashed over and over again, closer to the manor each time. It illuminated the room in a ghostly glow. The skies opened up and from them poured rain that had not been seen in centuries. And that's when Lily was dragged from her nearly unconscious state, her eyes shot open, and she began to scream once more. Her mouth could form no words. Her newborn son began to wail in her arms under his father's careful guard. The mediwitch leaned in again, and prepared to assist the second babe's departure from its mother. She was prepared for a battle; births like these had never been easy and Lily wasn't the ideal candidate for birth mother. As she braced herself for a battle against nature the babe surprised her. He passed from his mother as if propelled, though still gently. With his exit came a truly guttural scream from his mother. Blood gushed from the birth canal, bathing the child in his mother's life. Her screams only intensified, as if the babe had torn part of her with him as he entered the world. "Another boy" Dumbledore muttered, just loud enough to be heard over the storm. Lily's mouth began to form a sound, some part of a word, before her consciousness abruptly left her. Her face remained twisted in a truly fearful – disgusted position as her eyes lulled shut. The babe was strangely thin, his skin was almost translucent, the colour of moonlight. He had almost a whole head of black hair, still wet with afterbirth and blood. He already looked elegant, pureblood features gracing his physique. The mediwitch held her breath. The babe did not cry. He stared out at them, at her, with his large luminescent emerald green eyes, but he did not cry. He did not fuss. He barely moved if only to seek some form of comfort. The wind continued to howl, and the lightening intensified still, each flash bringing with it thunder that shook the house to its foundation. The babe shut his eyes, and just like that with one great and final flash of lightening that burned the eyes of all who looked, the storm was over. The howling winds died down, the rains finally recessed, and the air hung eerily still as if lightning could crack through and shatter the peace it had left at any moment – but it would not. Not tonight. The scarred young man with orange hair paused from his protective vigil over the Potter estate to lay eyes on the youngest son of Lily and James Potter. His deathly pale face was calm, his body looked too thin and too elegant for someone so young. He had very little baby fat but somehow he managed to not appear sickly, just odd. Charlie watched on as the mediwitch fussed over the boy. Casting various diagnostic spells, measuring this and that. James remained by Lily's side, staring transfixed at his own first born son – a spitting image of his own father aside from what would likely be Lily's red hair. Sirius had joined the mediwitch in doting on the youngest of the two children. He conjured a deep forest green blanket to wrap him in – they were unprepared for a second child and improvisation would have to do. The mediwitch continued her diagnostics, checking the babe over. He did not appear ill, but she had to be sure. The babe was certainly not normal, and for the world and his mother to react in such a way upon his birth… She did not believe in omens, she was not a superstitious woman at all, but she was sure that this babe was special – he needed the utmost care. "Albus… I'd like for you to check the boy's magic over. From all my inspections the child does not seem ill – but he's far too… " she struggled looking for a word "… bizarre to not take precautions, and then considering the storm…" her voice trailed off. The Mediwitch laid the boy down on a high table that had originally held supplies for the delivery. The boy simply sighed and fidgeted a little in a light sleep. "Of course Andy – it would be my pleasure." Albus focused hard on not rolling his eyes. These people were so superstitious. Believing in their false Gods – it was a storm, it meant nothing and the babe was a little slim – so what? He swept over to the table and looked down on the child. He felt a nagging tug in his stomach – this child…