Disclaimer: I don't own The Twilight Saga I kinda wish I did but I don't. I do own my original characters. Here it is the first chapter. Hope that you enjoy. "Stronger" By Kelly Clarkson helped me to write this chapter. I recommended listen to it while reading this chapter. Chapter 1 : Bittersweet Escape Skylar always got up her normal time of 6 am to get ready for school. As her alarm went off indicating that it was already 6 the next morning Skylar got up and turned off her alarm clock. As Skylar sat on the edge of her bed she had looked at her arms. She had some bruises forming on her arms and had sharp pain in the stomach. Last night Skylar and Peter her boyfriend got into a fight because she was talking to one of her guy friends which she knew since she was in diapers. Skylar got out of the bed and went to the bathroom. When she got done in the bathroom Skylar went to her closet. "Breakfast is done," Mom shouted from downstairs. "Ok be down shortly," Skylar replied. Skylar picked out a yellow shirt that had a flower pattern on it and a pair of blue jeans. After she put on her clothes she grabbed a pair of socks and her pair of white sneakers. Then Skylar went to the full sized mirror in the corner to fix her hair. Skylar then lifted her shirt revealing the purple bruises. Skylar had brushed her hair and put it in a messy bun and put some lip gloss on. When she put too much make up on Peter would call her ugly names like a hoe or a slut. Skylar grabbed her things and went downstairs to get some breakfast. "I need to get out of this hell hole relationship with Peter," Skylar thought to herself as she walked downstairs. "Hey mom," Skylar said. "Not again you need to end the relationship its getting worse. I'm getting worried for your health," her mom replied with a worried look. "I know mom its so hard to get out of the relationship. I also still love him," Skylar replied. "Well if you change your mind about it just let me or your father know," her mom said. "Thanks and I will," Skylar replied. Skylar sat down at the table and filled her plate with food. As soon as she started to eat her father came into the kitchen. "Something smells good," her dad said. Then her dad looked at her. "God Sky are you okay?" her dad asked. "I will be its not as bad as last time," Skylar replied. Skylar remembered the time where they got into a major fight. Peter had beaten her so bad she could hardly move. Her father was always worried about her because he sometimes fears that Peter would take it too far and kill her. Skylar was his only child he would constantly worry about her health and safety. "Dad I will be fine. I know you and mom are worried a lot but I'm fine. I promised mom if I change my mind about Peter I would tell her," Skylar said. "Ok make sure you let us know," her dad replied. By the time Skylar was done eating breakfast Peter sent her a text telling her that he would be there in 5 minutes and expect her to be outside waiting for him. Skylar grab her things and kissed her parents goodbye and went outside to wait for Peter arrive. Skylar was thankful that it was a school day because Peter wasn't that bad. 5 minutes later Peter arrived. "Hurry up we don't have all day or I'm leaving you to walk to school," Peter shouted from his car. "It will be funny if I dump your ass," Skylar mumbled to herself. "Did you say something," Peter asked. "That it is going to be a great day," Skylar replied. Skylar got into Peter's Chrysler 300. They arrived at Conway High School at 7:30 am. Skylar then got out of the she grab her things from the back seat. "I'm going to hang with Jade before we have to go to class," Skylar said. "Fine but I will be watching you," Peter replied. Jade Bishop who stood 4" 10' had blond hair that came down her back and was born with blue eyes. Jade was the shortest person Skylar had ever personally known. Skylar stood a whooping 5" 4' had light brown hair just past the shoulders and have blue-green eyes. Skylar and Jade had been friends ever since elementary school. Skylar and Jade became instant friends ever since Skylar saved Jade from being bullied by the school bully. Skylar had find Jade in her usual spot with her boyfriend Josh. "Hey shorty whats hanging," Skylar said. "Hey Sky," Jade replied. When Jade saw Olivia her eyes grew big. "Seriously not again you can't let that bastard keep doing this to you," Jade said. "Yeah I know I love him so much," Skylar replied. "Jade makes a great point. Its going to just get worse. Peter is going to keep doing it and beg you to take him back," Josh added in. "I've been in the same situation you are going through right now. I know its going to be hard but I had a friend to get me though. And look how it turned out. I'm in a better relationship with a great guy who respects me," Jade said. Jade had made a great point Skylar had thought. Skylar had looked at Peter where he was standing with his friends at. Skylar went into deep thought. She was tired of Peter beating her. Then Skylar turned back to her only friends she had because Peter tried many attempts to isolate her. "I think I made a decision about Peter. Thank you for helping me to make a decision," Skylar replied. "Glad we could help," Josh said. "So what did you decide Sky," Jade said. "I think its time for me to end this abusive relationship with Peter. Plus I think he is cheating on me with the head cheerleader. I know its going to be hard," Skylar replied. "I think your right about the cheating part," Josh said while pointing to where Peter was. When Skylar turned her head she saw Peter in a make out session with that blonde bimbo head cheerleader. "Right now I have an urge to go over there and slap the daylights out of her," Skylar said. "No you don't Peter can't know that you know he is cheating. Wait till you break up with him to make it 10 times worse for him," Jade said stepping in. "Good idea," Skylar replied. "He won't know what's coming," Josh said. "Then that blonde bimbo can have him all to herself and see who he really is. A two-timing bastard who beats on women," Skylar replied. "Amen sister," Jade replied. Then the bell finally rang letting them know its time to get to class. Luckily Skylar didn't have to deal with Peter until third and fourth block. Skylar and Jade had first and third block together. It was the only classes they had together this semester. Skylar and Jade sat down in their usual seats in the middle of the class. Math class felt like it flew by and it was time for a break. Skylar really enjoyed break because it gave her more times away from Peter. Skylar came a custom to it and it was like second nature. Ther 15 minute break was up and time for 2nd block. It was time for the rest of the school have there break. The school had split the students into 2 break times because of the over crowding in the school. For Skylar she had 1st break and Peter had 2nd break. Skylar liked her 2nd block. "Hey Sky I can tell you are ready to contiue on your art project," Josh said. "Hey Josh. Heck yeah i love art did you forget. Its like my favorite subject next too photography," Skylar replied. "Nah just messing around I didn't forget. Everyday I see you in this class I can tell you really love art like passion," Josh said. "Damn straight that I do," Skylar replied. Skylar enjoyed every moment she had in art. Its the only time that Peter didn't have eyes on her. Skylar knew that Peter or his friends would never dare step foot into an art class. Being in art class Skylar felt free and could be herself. She love merging herself into her art projects. The teacher gave the students 15 minutes to clean up before the bell rang for the next class. "I can tell you don't want to go to American History," Josh said. "No I don't if I could I would stay in here. Its peaceful and quiet I don't have to worry about Peter," Skylar replied. "Look on the bright side you will be dumping his cheating ass. And you will find somebody who will care and protect you," Josh said. "You got that right he won't know what hit him. I don't think breaking up with him is going to be easy. When the time comes I want you and Jade have y'alls cell phones and keys ready in hand," Skylar replied. "We will. When are you planning to break the news to Peter?" Josh asked. "I'm planning to do it this coming weekend before I lose my nerve too. I'm getting tired of the beating and the bruises," Skylar replied. "Ok me and Jade will be ready," Josh said. Then the bell rang. They grab their things and head to their classes. "See you at second lunch," Josh shouted from the opposite direction. "See you there," Skylar shouted back. Olivia made it to American history. When she walked in she had noticed Peter sitting in his seat alreday and Jade sitting a couple rows over. Skylar always sat right beside Peter then Jade sat in the next row and a seat down. Peter liked having Skylar right beside him. He would get mad at her if she didn't. Skylar walked to her seat next to Peter. "Hey Jade," Skylar said. "Hey girl," Jade replied. "Hey babe," Skylar said to Peter. "Hey Skylar," Peter replied. Skylar sat her stuff down and took her seat. She got her text book and paper out of her book bag. Then she had to dig inside of her purse to find a pencil. The teacher finally came into the classroom. Skylar noticed that Jade was texting while everyone waited for class to start. Skylar knew it must be Josh filling her in for this coming weekend. The final bell rang to start the class. The teacher took attendance before starting the class. "Ok class settle down," the teacher annouced. It took the class a minute to calm down. "I want y'all to open your books to page 137. This chapter is on the civil war. Read the chapter and do the questions at the end," the teacher said. Some of the students let out a small groan. Skylar always been a lttle fascinate with history. The class got started on the assignment. Every class Skylar had with Peter he would cheat off her paper. Skylar got alittle annoyed that he did that. If she had said anything he would have gotten mad and take it out on her. 30 minutes into class it was time to go to lunch. Skylar was thankful that Peter sat with his friends at lunch. Peter keeped Skylar close to him while got there lunch. "I hope you learned a lesson from last night," Peter said. "It won't happen again," Skylar replied with a shacky voice. "Good," Peter said. They got their lunch and paid for them. Skylar saw Jade and Josh sitting in the usual spot. She went to sit with them