I woke up on a warm morning. It never got too cold here in district 2 so it was usually a warm morning or a hot morning. The sun light was just peeking through over the mountain side. Yellow, pink, and orange reflected against the wall opposite me. I had to be up this early for training normally, but today was different. Today is the morning of the reaping. The reaping is where they take 1 male and 1 female tribute from each district and then throw them into an arena to fight to the death until there is only one survivor. With all 12 districts doing this that means 24 competitors each year. I dreaded this day so much that I would rather just train all day and I honestly hated my training most days. I'd come home with bruises and welt all over my body. Too much hand to hand combat. This reaping has happened every year for the past 73 years now and it will continue to happen until the end of time. Everyone says it's supposed to help us, but I think otherwise. Nobody wants to do anything about it or stand up to the president because that meant certain death or the inhalation of your district. Just like what happened to district 13. We are constantly reminded of what happened to 13 after they tried to rebel against the Capitol all those years ago. Besides training we are taught normal things like reading, writing, math, and history. They don't talk much about what happened before there was Panem when we were known as North America and there was so much more than just 12 districts and the Capitol. I could never voice my opinion out loud though. No one every could you'd either be shot on the spot or become an Avox for saying something like that. Avox are traitors against the Capitol and have their tongues cut out so they can't speak. They become slaves to the people of the capitol. We have become the home where they train peacekeepers even though we're supposed to be Masonry, but somehow we got stuck with peacekeepers too. When I was younger I wanted to be one but then I realized how brutal they were. Hurting people and killing. They had no sense of empathy. It seemed like once you become one they take all the emotions away from you. It's sick how cruel they can be to people. I've witnessed it firsthand just how bad they can be. My mother knocked on the door before opening it as she always did. She dreaded this day every year since I had turned twelve and that was five years ago. I'd just turned seventeen this past winter. If she knew this would happen I don't understand why she had kids in the first place. It only hurts her in the end. Every year having to send your kids off to certain death pretty much. I had to turn away before I saw her. It always hurt too much to see her in so much pain on reaping day. I was unable to face her this early. I had to prepare myself emotionally to see her or anyone for that matter. "I made breakfast...you should...we should eat together...before the time comes." She spoke. We only had each other and we didn't want to lose each other. My mom and I were always so close. Even before we lost everyone else. First my father then my older siblings. All within a year of each other. It was a lot to handle for both of us. "Thanks mom. I'll...I'll be out in a minute." I had to be strong for the both of us. I couldn't let her down in any way. I heard the door close behind her and I tried not to cry. I wasn't a master at crying silently so when I did cry she always knew. She also knew when to leave me alone to my crying and when I needed her there. I put my name in more times this year for some extra food just in case. It was only some grain and oil, but it always helped out to have some extras. We were well off enough, but I always worried. By this time I had my name in there at least thirty times. When I trained hard enough I could get money or if I helped clean up the academy after hours. The little money helped us out. Since my father's death we haven't really had a source of income. It was tougher when we had my older siblings here too...I wish they were still here to help me. My brother could have kept running my father's old shop that hasn't been touched in years now. I got up and got dressed in some decent clothes. The ones I wore every year since I was twelve. I hadn't grown much since then and the clothes had been my older sisters so it made me feel like she was still here with me somehow. It was a dress which I hated wearing but because it was reaping day I had to. They made us treat today like a holiday which was sickening. Everyone was expected to party and celebrate and here in two that happened every year with no complaints. Only a select few from here close their blinds and curtains when their child is picked for these 'games'. I opened my door and I walked out to have breakfast with my mom. I could tell she had been crying again not only for the reaping or the games but the losses we've had. Three deaths in a year. She couldn't handle it and I had to stay strong for her. I spent some of my morning with her before heading out. The reaping wasn't until two o'clock. That gave me a few hours before I needed to be at the square. I needed some time just for myself before the reaping started. I took a walk through the district. The town was pretty much dead today. No one liked to come out until they had to especially ones with children who may be going into the games. I walked for a while before I noticed where I had ended up. My favorite cliff side; it looked over the whole district and then some. On really clear nights I swear you can see the capitol from there. All the twinkling lights that seemed blinding if you were there yourself. So many colors and buildings. The only thing that separated us was the mountains. I noticed I wasn't alone though. Dark hair blew in the small breeze she was crouched down. I knew who it was and only I had seen this side of her no one else knew the truth behind the ruthless little girl before me. "Clove." She jumped slightly. Her knife clutched in her hand. I noted that it was her favorite knife that her older brother gave to her. "Calm down it's just me." I said when she turned quickly almost ready to stab me. She looked up at me and I noticed how puffy her eyes were. This poor girl got like this every year. This would be her fourth year. In her family she was the only one eligible for the games this year her older brother had turned twenty this year and her younger sister is only eleven. "S-Sagitarria..." She was choking back her tears. I opened my arms and she practically fell onto me. I wrapped my arms around her tightly and held her up. She always acted so tough around everyone even her family. She needed someone to break down to and I never minded being that person. I kept holding her and whispered to her comforting words. "Shh it's going to be okay. I know it's hard to do this every year but it has to be done. There are so many of us it is very little odds that it will be one of us. You're younger than me and I've put my name in extra times this year again. I have a much higher chance of getting my name picked." She pulled away and stared at me a moment before pushing me away. "What's the matter Clove?" She had anger in her eyes. I had set her off somehow. "Why would you do that? Why would you put your name in even more times? For what? Some extra food? What's the point? If you die...if you die...you know your mother wouldn't last...she wouldn't move on...she's lost everyone else..." Tears were pouring down her face. I knew she said my mom but I knew her better she was talking about herself. I moved a little closer to her and wrapped my arms around her once again. She was so broken and no one saw it but me. She was seen as unstable to most. No one dared go near her fearing she would turn on them. I didn't see that though. She was different with me. I kissed the top of her head gently. "Clove if I go into that arena I promise you I'm going to come out and I'm going to come out roaring." I wiped her tears away and we waited a while longer until heading to the districts' center. Everyone else was already there by the time we got there. We needed to go through the standard procedure to make sure that we were all here. That meant pricking our fingers and taking some blood for a finger print scan. To make sure we were all there. The district escort walked on stage. She had that classic capitol look to her and by that I mean something entirely not human. Pale white skin, obnoxious bright pink hair and clothes along with all the trimmings. God none of them ever looked natural. She introduced herself as Lillybird Honeyman the new escort for district 2. She said the annual speech and then went over to the reaping bowl for the girls because you know ladies first in this situation makes so much sense right. I felt my heart start to race a little as she walked over to the microphone again. She un-folded the paper and read the name. She cleared her throat before clearly speaking. Could my heart beat any faster than it already is? "Clove Spectral." My heart stopped for a second. She repeated the name as someone pushed Clove out into the open. She tried not to look like a lost puppy, but I could see it as she searched for me or her family. No one volunteered at this point and that was odd for us. The peace keepers came over to her but before they could reach I ran out. Everyone looked at me and I looked around trying to find my mother. I locked eyes with her and she understood she nodded her head. "I volunteer as tribute!" I screamed. I needed them to hear me. I couldn't let her go in. I promised to keep her safe. I'd rather die in that arena then see her die in there. I ruffled Clove's hair before the peacekeepers looked at each other before taking me up on the stage. I couldn't let it happen to her. Not yet at least she was too young for this. All of us are too young for this. I kept a straight face. As Lillybird gets me in the right place on stage making sure she has the microphone in her hand. "What is your name child?" She asked as I stood next to her. I clenched my fists slightly before speaking "Sagitarria...Sagitarria Hayes." She smiled when I said it loud and clear then she went and picked the boy tribute, but before she could someone else volunteered. Now that was more like district 2. We always had volunteers usually every