I'm pleased to present the first chapter of my newest project. Please let me know what you think. I love to hear from my readers. The sound of coffee being poured into cups broke the morning silence at Number Twelve Grimmauld Place. Harry Potter carefully prepared a cup for himself and one for each of his best friends. He glanced up briefly as Ron Weasley shuffled into the kitchen and grabbed the cup that Harry indicated with a tiny jerk of his head. Ron took a cautious sip of his coffee and sighed gratefully before peering over the rim of his cup at Harry. "Your hair looks ridiculous," Ron muttered. Harry snorted with amusement. His black hair was almost always rather untidy, but in the mornings it would stick up in all different directions. But to be fair, Ron's vibrant red hair was no better in the mornings. Harry shot a pointed look at Ron's messy hair, grinning when Ron just shrugged carelessly. His smile faded just slightly when he saw Hermione Granger enter the kitchen. Hermione was already dressed for work. She had paired a lovely royal blue blouse with a knee-length black skirt and comfortable flats. She wore her white healer robes over her clothes but had left them open for the moment. Her hair was pulled back into a loose ponytail, her long chestnut curls trailing to the middle of her back. As she accepted her cup of coffee, Harry noted that she was wearing a bit more make-up than was usual. It wasn't extravagant, and it didn't appear that Ron had noticed at all. But, Harry could see how tired she looked. Harry watched Hermione sip her coffee silently, knowing that she was aware of his gaze. It wasn't until Ron left the room to take a shower that Hermione met Harry's eyes. "Did you sleep at all?" Harry asked, concern lacing his tone. Hermione's eyes dropped to her nearly empty cup. Harry was just far too observant. His concern was touching, but she hated to have him worry about her. "Obviously not well," she admitted. Harry stepped around the counter and stood in front of Hermione with a frown. He gently tugged the cup from her hands and set it on the counter before drawing her into his arms. "You need to slow down," he murmured, hugging her. "Why don't you request time off? You need a break." Hermione pulled away gently, smiling fondly at Harry. "Now isn't a good time," she responded. "I have a meeting with the Head of St Mungos this morning, and I think he's giving me a new project." "You don't need a new project," Harry retorted with a scowl, his green eyes narrowed at her. "I'm fine," Hermione said firmly. "I love my work and a bit of fatigue isn't going to hinder that." She sighed at Harry's pained expression. She gave his hand a loving squeeze before moving away from him. "Get moving or you'll be late for work," she called over her shoulder before marching over to the fireplace and disappearing a swirl of green flames. Several minutes later, Ron returned to the kitchen to find Harry dressed and ready to go. Harry's back rested against the counter and his arms were folded over his chest as he stared pensively at the empty cups on the counter-top. Ron smoothed down the front of his auror robes and eyed Harry anxiously. "Is Hermione alright?" he asked hesitantly. Harry frowned and met Ron's eyes. "She's exhausted," Harry said tightly. "She's too stubborn to slow down, but she's worn out. Today she was wearing extra make-up to hide the fact that she looks so tired." Ron's shoulder sagged slightly, but he straightened quickly and gave Harry's shoulder a comforting pat. "You know how she is," Ron said lightly. "We'll just keep an eye on her like we always do." Harry forced himself to nod, but he was unable to shake the worry that tugged at his thoughts. He knew that Ron was just as concerned, but that the red-head would do what he could to encourage optimism. The two men exchanged smiles that weren't quite convincing, and apparated to the ministry to begin their work day. Hermione's morning had rushed by in a blur of patients and diagnostic charms. Just before lunch, she found herself seated in a plush chair in front of the ornate mahogany desk of Crispin Abbott, Head of St. Mungos. He was an older wizard, but it didn't stop him from being rather intimidating. His white beard was neatly trimmed. He mid-section had become a bit rounder as he aged, but his physique was still impressively athletic. His posture was perfectly straight and his robes were pristine. Everything about the man, demanded respect and perfection. But, his eyes settled on Hermione fondly and she felt herself relax into her chair a bit more. Healer Abbott was known for being stern and unyielding. His expectations for the healers were alarmingly high at times. But, he seemed to have a soft spot for Hermione Granger and found himself encouraging and guiding her as her skills as a healer flourished. "You look tired," Abbott noted, peering at Hermione with a speculative frown. "I slept poorly," Hermione replied dismissively. "It happens. I'll be perfectly fine." She was pleased when he nodded in acceptance and looked down at some papers on his desk. Abbott considered the file on his desk for a moment, uncertain of how Healer Granger would respond to what he planned to ask of her. "I had hoped that you would assist me with something," he said carefully. He glanced up to see her shift forward slightly in anticipation. "Your work with muggle medicine has been rather impressive and I wish to move toward expanding it into a department of it's own. That will take some time, but the first step is adding to the team." He paused and looked up at Hermione. "I have recently hired a wizard that's enormously talented and his interests align remarkably with yours. I had hoped that you'd consider working with him." "Of course," Hermione responded instantly. Abbott opened his mouth to suggest that she may want to know who the new healer was first, but he was interrupted by his office door opening suddenly. A witch stepped into the office with an apologetic look at Hermione. "So sorry to intrude Healer Abbott," the woman said hastily. "Yes, what is it?" Abbott said, his tone bored. "A Healer Malfoy is here to see you," the witch explained, her eyes darting to Hermione when she gasped. Abbott's eyes darted to Hermione momentarily before he waved the other woman away. "Send him in," he said with a weary sigh. He winced at the flash of panic he saw in Hermione's eyes but before he could say anything else, Draco Malfoy was ushered into the office. Hermione sat very still, not turning to look as Malfoy crossed the office to shake hands with Healer Abbott. She waited anxiously as Healer Abbott offered a pleasant greeting. "I believe you're familiar with this young woman," Abbott said, indicating Hermione. Malfoy turned and his eyes widened comically with shock. "Granger," he blurted out before he could stop himself. His jaw clenched momentarily as he seemed to collect himself. "I hadn't expected to see you," he said, sounding much more calm. "Likewise," Hermione responded, shooting Healer Abbott a look of annoyance. Malfoy sighed heavily. "You are the one I am expected to work with, aren't you?" he asked warily. "So it would seem," she replied stiffly. "Now, I expect professionalism from both of you," Abbott said sternly, his gaze darting between them. "If you cannot set aside your past grievances, say so at once." Malfoy looked at Hermione uncertainly for a moment. Without shifting his gaze from her, he said "I have no problem with Healer Granger. But, she has reason to object to working with me." Hermione considered Malfoy for a moment. He was wearing his hair rather short these days, and his features had filled out a bit to make him look less pointy and harsh. His posture was perfectly straight but he was very stiff, as if braced for an attack. His gray eyes were wary as he returned her thoughtful stare. He had the weary appearance of someone who felt utterly defeated. His shoulders slumped a bit under her gaze, and she was startled by the rush of sympathy she felt toward him. "I'm willing to try if you are," Hermione said quietly. "Excellent," Abbott said, before Draco could comment. "I expect great things from you both. Why don't you get something to eat and then you can discuss some of the current research?" "Of course Sir," Hermione said, getting up from her chair. She waited while Malfoy shook Healer Abbott's hand once more. When he turned to face her, he gestured for her to precede him through the doorway. She led the way past the reception area and down a long hallway to her office. Malfoy looked around the office with a smirk. It was lined with book shelves. The large desk held stacks of folders, quills and little pots of colored ink. On one side of the desk was a large comfy chair, and on the other side were two smaller chairs. He dropped into one of the smaller chairs, looking at Hermione expectantly. For a long moment, they simply looked each other over pensively. But as Hermione opened her mouth to speak, Harry swept into the room carrying a large paper bag. "I brought lunch," he said, sounding pleased with himself. "Are you feeling better?" he asked, before he caught sight of Draco and nearly dropped the bag. "What's Malfoy doing here?" "That's what my meeting was about," Hermione responded, sitting down with a sigh. She couldn't decide if Harry's timing was perfect or horrendous. "Healer Malfoy will be working with me on research." "Do you feel comfortable with the arrangement?" Harry asked, looking at Hermione and ignoring Draco's indignant huff of breath. Harry's gaze was stern but anxious. Hermione smiled slightly, her eyes darting to Draco for just a moment before she turned back to Harry. "I'm sure it will be fine," she said gently. Harry peered at her for a moment and nodded in satisfaction before looking back at Malfoy. "Then congratulations Malfoy," Harry said cheerfully. "You must be good if they've partnered you with Hermione." He set the bag down on the desk and began pulling out containers of food. "Help yourself," he told Malfoy. "I brought more than enough." Draco's eyes darted suspiciously between Harry and the food. He wasn't particularly trusting, and his relationship with Harry had always been strained at best. While he knew that the food would be safe for consumption, Draco wasn't keen on the idea of trying to eat while two former Gryffindors glared at him. "I'll just grab something at the cafe down the street," he said stiffly, rising from his chair. "Just sit down!" Harry blurted out in exasperation. "We may as well get past this now." He sighed when Draco remained, but didn't sit back down. "The war is over. We're not students anymore. We all went through terrible things. Dwelling on a petty rivalry would be stupid. If we can't be friends, we can at least be civil." He smiled when Draco sat back down with a long suffering sigh. "I come and see Hermione often, so you'll be seeing me a lot," Harry added. Draco snorted. "Don't you have a job Potter?" he asked. He nodded in thanks when Hermione handed him a plate of the Italian food that Harry had brought. The scent of fresh garlic bread, pasta and chicken made his mouth water. "Of course," Harry replied. "I'm the Head of the Auror Department. But, if I get a break for lunch, I like to come and see this little know-it-all," he added, winking at Hermione.