Welcome, dear readers, to my newest story. I'm super excited about it and I hope you enjoy it. Harry carefully poured tea into two cups before offering one to the new Headmistress of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. "Please, help yourself," he murmured, gesturing to the milk and sugar resting on the tray. It had only been a month since Voldemort's defeat and the Wizarding world was still struggling to recover. So many people had died and families had been torn apart by the war. It would take some time for their world to heal. Harry was, of course, seen as their beloved hero. This fact only served to make Harry uncomfortable. He just wanted the chance to heal in peace. He had a feeling that his life wouldn't be as peaceful as he would have liked, if Minerva McGonagall's tense posture was anything to go by. McGonagall gave a terse nod and added a splash of milk to her steaming cup. She took a cautious sip before setting the cup down and fixing her eyes on Harry. "Mr. Potter, as you well know, the Malfoys will go before the Wizengamot in two days," she said crisply. Harry's eyebrows rose in surprise. Of all the things that Professor McGonagall could have come to discuss, he hadn't expected her to bring up the Malfoys. Narcissa and Draco had both lied to save Harry from Voldemort during the war. If they hadn't, there was a good chance that Harry wouldn't have survived. Harry didn't care to think that the outcome of the war hinged entirely on his survival, but the fact remains that two of the Malfoys had helped to keep him alive. It was a sobering thought, considering the bitter rivalry between Harry and Draco. Unfortunately, Narcissa had been killed at the end of the final battle; A death eater cursed her for her deception before attempting to escape Hogwarts. The death eater was apprehended, but Narcissa didn't survive. The thought made Harry's stomach churn unpleasantly. After a moment, Harry cleared his throat. "I was aware," he said tightly. "I plan to attend the trial and offer my testimony." "I thought so," McGonagall said, eyeing him pensively. "What are your thoughts on Draco Malfoy?" Harry hesitated. "Well, I'm certainly not very fond of him," he admitted. "But, he and his mother both lied to save my life at great personal risk. And I do think much of their... activity was coerced. I'm pretty sure Malfoy was just trying to keep himself and his parents alive." "I agree," McGonagall said. "And I feel reasonably certain that, with your testimony, Draco Malfoy will be granted clemency." She paused, taking another sip of her tea. "That being said, I've spoken to Kingsley, Albus and Severus... Well, Kingsley and the two portraits, I should say..." She heaved a weary sigh as she thought of the late headmasters before she forced her focus back to Harry. "We're concerned about what will happen to Draco once he's released from Ministry custody." "Alright..." Harry said, wondering where she was going with this. McGonagall hesitated for a moment and then she sighed. "I hate to ask anything of you," she admitted quietly. "You've already done so much. And you are well within your rights to refuse if you are unwilling..." "What would you have me do?" Harry asked patiently. McGonagall was usually concise and unflappable. Harry was nearly ready to agree to whatever would make her feel comfortable again. "Draco needs protection," McGonagall said. "I'm told that he's suffering from nightmares, anxiety and depression. He was another child forced to participate in this war, and... I wanted a second chance for him." Harry remained perfectly still, thinking that over. He truly admired McGonagall's desire to protect her students in whatever way she could; Even students that had been as unpleasant as Malfoy had been. As easy as it would be to hold onto his hatred of Malfoy, the memory of the blond's haunted expression during the war pricked at Harry's conscience. "What can I do to help?" Harry asked warily. He smiled slightly at McGonagall's expression of relief. "I don't know what assistance will be needed yet," she admitted. "But, he's going to need allies. The wizarding population is out for blood at this time." Harry frowned in consideration. "Then I agree to offer what assistance I can, within reason," he said finally. His heart was warmed instantly by the fond look of pride that the Headmistress directed at him. Harry paced in front of the fireplace of Number Twelve Grimmauld Place just two days later, dragging one hand through his hair in anxious restlessness. McGonagall was sitting in one of the chairs, her eyes following Harry's agitated movements. "I must say that I was surprised by your response," she commented lightly. Harry huffed a slightly breathless laugh. "That makes two of us," he retorted. Lucius Malfoy had been sentenced to Azkaban prison. Thanks to Harry's testimony, Draco avoided imprisonment, but Malfoy Manor and the vaults at Gringotts were seized by the ministry to be purged of dark objects and curses. Draco was put on magical probation and would be very closely monitored. He was also required to return to Hogwarts to finish his schooling. Harry thought the punishment was reasonable, but it did create a problem. The Wizengamot had left the Malfoy heir without a home or money, for the time being. In listening to the verdict, Harry realized that Malfoy was suddenly being left to fend for himself while being hated by most of the Wizarding World. It didn't matter that he'd been forced to become a Death Eater. The tattoo on his forearm branded him as the enemy of everything good. Compassion had welled up in Harry at the thought and he quickly made a decision that would change his life. Before he could change his mind, he approached Kingsley with a suggestion. "This is probably one of the stupidest things I've ever done," Harry muttered, turning to look at McGonagall with a slightly panicked expression. McGonagall gave him an incredulous look. "You broke out of Gringotts on the back of a dragon," she reminded him flatly. She smirked at his sheepish smile. "Offering shelter and protection to someone that needs it isn't stupid. It's generous and kind. I should have expected it from you." Harry sighed. "This could be miserable though," he said quietly. "We've always hated each other." McGonagall pursed her lips, her eyes narrowed. "It's time to set that rivalry aside," she said firmly. "Draco has been through a lot and he's lost his mother." Before she could comment further, they heard a loud crack from outside and then a knock on the door. McGonagall hurried to the door and opened it, revealing Kingsley Shacklebolt and Draco Malfoy. She ushered them inside, frowning as her eyes drifted over Malfoy. He was even more pale than usual and his eyes looked heavy with fatigue and sorrow. He allowed himself to be guided into the house, keeping his eyes lowered. Harry found the sight a bit disturbing. "You've done a lot with the place," Kingsley commented to Harry, looking around. "I've suddenly got a lot of time on my hands," Harry responded lightly. The sound of Harry's voice seemed to startle Malfoy and his eyes jerked up to Harry in shock. He glanced around at his surroundings and then looked back at Harry. "Where are we?" he asked, his voice sounding rough and strained. "This is Harry's home," Kingsley replied calmly. "The Ministry may turn the manor and the vaults over to you, but that will take some time. You need allies and, right now, there's none better than Harry Potter." Malfoy looked completely mortified. Hoping to calm him, McGonagall moved closer to gently take his arm and guide him to sit down on the sofa. "You're not his prisoner," she said carefully. "Just let Harry help. I'll be available if you need me. If you boys can put aside your differences, it'll make your return to school easier as well." Malfoy nodded stiffly but didn't speak. After a few moments, McGonagall and Kingsley said their goodbyes and left with a promise to be in touch. Harry closed the door behind them and then turned to look at his new roommate. "Why don't we go get you settled in your room?" Harry suggested, hoping he didn't sound as awkward as he felt. He watched as Malfoy stood up and waited for Harry to lead the way. Unnerved, Harry went up the stairs and walked to one of the larger bedrooms. "The loo is directly across the hall," he commented, watching Malfoy's face for a reaction. He was rewarded with a slight grimace as Malfoy said "This place is filthy." His tone lacked the venom he usually directed at Harry, but Harry was oddly pleased to see a brief flicker of the old Malfoy. "It is," Harry agreed ruefully. "I've been working on the house, but it takes time. This room is better off than the other bedrooms at least. And the bed is perfectly clean. I took care of that before you got here." Malfoy's gray eyes narrowed in suspicion. "Why?" he asked, his body tense. "Thought you'd want to sleep in a clean bed," Harry replied with a shrug. He laughed when Malfoy scowled. "Don't be a git," Harry chided with a little sigh. "If it makes you feel better, view this as a thank you for not handing me over to Voldemort. I've had enough fighting, and I'm sure you have too." He waited, but Malfoy only shrugged and looked away. "Have you eaten?" he asked. Malfoy shook his head, looking even more uncomfortable. "Do you like pizza?" Harry asked. Malfoy hesitated. "I've never had it," he admitted. "I'll have to fix that then," Harry responded. "Get comfortable. Make yourself at home." He paused in the door way and watched as Malfoy pulled something out of his trouser pocket and waved his wand at it. Malfoy's trunk was swiftly returned to its normal size and levitated to rest on the floor at the foot of the bed. Harry nodded to himself, satisfied that Malfoy could occupy himself for a little while, and left the room. Half an hour later, Harry walked back through his front door to find Malfoy pacing in the living room. Harry balanced the pizza box he was carrying on one hand while closing the door with the other. "Everything alright?" he asked. "I didn't know that you were leaving the house," Malfoy replied, sounding a bit exasperated. Harry cocked his head curiously. "Is that not alright?" he asked cautiously. "I mean, does it..." He trailed off, uncertain of how to phrase his question. He knew that Malfoy was struggling with anxiety and depression, but he wasn't sure how far it extended. Could he not be left alone? Harry didn't like the idea of starting an argument over a sensitive subject. "I just wasn't expecting to suddenly find myself alone in a strange, dirty house," Malfoy replied, folding his arms over his chest defensively. Harry rolled his eyes but he was relieved all the same. "Come on," he said, nodding toward the dining room. Harry went to the kitchen and carefully placed a few slices of pizza onto two plates, his mouth watering at the smell of garlic and cheese. He levitated the plates, the pizza box and two bottles of butterbeer back to the dining room and lowered them to the table. He nudged one of the plates closer to Malfoy and handed him a knife and fork before sitting down and tucking into his own pizza. Malfoy looked down at his plate uncertainly and then glanced at Harry. He noticed that Harry was rather enjoying his meal, but didn't bother with cutlery. "I see you're still a heathen," Malfoy drawled. Harry grinned. Now that was the Draco Malfoy he remembered. "And you're a poncy git," Harry retorted