Alright, here it is! I'm revealing the chosen 5! Now, before you read, just know that I do NOT want any complaining that your OC wasn't in the story. Every last OC was freaking amazing, and I want no one saying "Oh, I think my OC was better than so-and-so!" None of that, please. Also, I'm putting the forms in, too, because I'm not sure if I'll be able to address everything in the backstory, or I might not be able to touch on the fatal flaws as much. The only part of the forms I'll be leaving out are the parts where I ask you what your character can do in the story. I want all of that to be a surprise. I'd like to thank you all. I had such a hard time choosing the OCs. It was tough, but I finally chose. It was so much fun reading your OCs, except for that one troll I got yesterday. Whoever that guest was who sent in the Son of Chaos, have fun in Tartarus! Anyway, I regret not being able to use all of them, but then again, there are like 90 of them, so... Yeah. Without further ado, I would like to announce the chosen 5! Ladies and gentlemen, I, We're All Okay, give you the children of Olympus! Tristin Martzen, son of Eris - submitted by TinyRules Name: Tristin Finnegan Martzen Nickname: none Godly Parent: Eris Goddess of chaos, strife, and discord Mortal Family: Tristin has just his dad, Killian Martzen, a politician who loves to cause chaos and arguments. Killian itself means strife, which is one of the reasons Eris was attracted to him. Age: 15 Personality: Much like his mother and father, Tristin likes to cause chaos throughout camp and subtly cause arguments between cabins and campers. He is very sly and cunning. He doesn't outrightly cause discord but rather whispers bad things in your ear, much like the devil and angel arguing both trying to persuade you to do something. He is sarcastic, witty and funny and tends to keep to himself, he is very lazy and always try's to talk his way out of everything. His personality is one of a cat's, maybe even a fox's, if he doesn't have to get his hands dirty he won't. Maybe campers feel conflicted about him because of the fact that he's always stirring up trouble. History: Tristin was born in Washington on April 17, because his father was a politician he was rather spoiled growing up always getting what he wanted. But his father would always have to go on year long business trips to usually to mess up other politican's. Knowing that he was a demigod and wanted to keep him safe, Killian took Tristin with him and so Tristin grew up with friends and began to close himself off from the world. So when he turned 13 and monsters started turning up, his father deemed it unsafe for him to live with him until he properly learned how to defend himself. So Tristin was shipped off to Long Island Sound and trained at camp for a year and started making friends before returning to Washington and then back to Camp Half Blood for the summer again. Fears: Tristin is afraid of large crowds, he can't stand the stuffy sweaty heat radiating off of so many bodies, he feels almost claustrophobic around so many people. Strengths: Tristin is an extremely fast runner, he loves the feel of cool wind on his face and through his hair. He is okay at archery and slightly better than the average swordsman but his real talent is in guns. He is an amazing shot with his sniper rifle, because of his fear of large crowds he'd rather hide and protect himself far away while still helping his friends. Demigod Abilities: Tristin has a knack for causing trouble he inherited from his mother, he sort of has the mist/charm speak ability but only over chaos and because of the fact that it takes a lot of energy to completely override one's opinion he rarely almost never uses it, it's more of a trump card. You know that devil sitting on shoulder and the angel sitting on the other and they're both trying to make you do the wrong/right thing? Well Tristin is the devil, that small voice in the back of your head making you doubt. Fatal flaw: self-reliance, because of travelling around so much and getting kicked out of schools, Tristin has learned how to close himself off from the world and how to turn the switch off at making new friends. This self-reliance never needing anyone, might be the end of it because everyone needs someone. Appearance: Tristin has a longer than average, messy pitch black hair that even has a but of a blue hue to it. He has golden eyes the color of the golden apple that started the Trojan War and has thin white scar going over his left eye where a hellhound claw managed to get him. Tristin is 5'11 with a slim athletic figure with a light tan and average complexion. Sexual Orientation: he is straight but could be bi, he doesn't really talk to anyone so there wouldn't be a big chance but it's still possible. Weapon of choice: a L115A3 AWM sniper rifle with a cargo print equipped with a silencer, flashlight and One Shot XG scope system, along with several magazines carrying celestial bronze and imperial gold bullets. He also carries a dagger hidden in his boots. Special Skills: besides his speed and one shot kills with a rifle that is really pretty much it Kye West, son of Hermes - submitted by Innoc3ntKitt3n Name: Kye West Nickname: None Godly Parent: Hermes Mortal Family: Vienna West, Mother. She has light brown hair and blue eyes. Age: 15 or 16 (Whichever works best) Personality: Kye is cheeky, naughty and an all round mischief maker. He loves practical jokes and he never takes anything seriously- well, almost never. Kye rarely gets upset or mad, he just laughs it off, but if a mean statement hits too close to home then it hurts him inside. History: Kye was born in west London, but moved immediately to America. He grew up in Texas, and had a great time, until he was twelve and a hellhound tried to eat him. A satyr saved him and took him to CHB, where he was claimed by Hermes a year later. Fears: Monkeys and being abandoned Strengths: Amazing at picking locks, stealing, lying and telling if someone is lying. Demigod Abilities (nothing OP, please): Picking locks, lying, pranking, running, stealing and can tell if someone is lying Fatal Flaw: Taking something too far. Appearance: Kye has light brown, curly hair and bright blue eyes. His skin is tanned from the Texan sun, and he is lean and built like a runner. Sexual Orientation: straight Weapon of Choice: Usually uses trick bombs filled with shards o celestial bronze. The bombs are small, and he always has a bunch with him. He also has a sword in case he runs out of bombs. Riley Kramer, daughter of Ares - submitted by Julyette of Wonder Name: Riley Kramer Nickname: None Godly Parent: Ares Mortal Family: Debra Kramer, mom, died when she was 3 Leslie Lescardo, 46, Foster Mom, Leslie generally treats Riley like an equal. Leslie has enough to worry about (with the restaurant) and if Riley doesn't give her reason to worry she won't get on her tail about anything. Riley likes this system, she has 5 other foster siblings that Leslie needs to take care of and is happy to take herself off of Leslie's care list. She never looked to Leslie as a role model. Giacomo Lescardo, Step Foster Dad (Riley thinks he has one of the most ridiculous names in the world. Lescardo sounds like a type of snail.) Gio and Riley get along fine, he just doesn't understand sarcasm or sass. Malcolm Morgan, Role Model:, after Malcolm saved Riley as a kid he's been the one she's looked up to. Malcolm didn't mind and still doesn't mind. He's the closest thing to real family that she has. Christian, Lucas, Katherine, Jennifer, and Lily, foster siblings. Riley practically lives at camp and generally stays with Malcolm for a few weeks in the summer. Age (thirteen at the youngest): 17 Personality: During Riley's early years she was a reckless and impulsive person. She often got herself and others into trouble just for fun. She considered herself a novelty, as she always pulled off the crazy stunts and makes the wise cracks for entertainment. Riley also held very little respect for authority figures, often mouthing off to instructors and earning herself punishments. Riley could also be somewhat violent towards those who antagonized her. She had a reputation on campus for being someone who you didn't want to pick a fight with, especially after she broke a guy's arm when he tried to punch her friend. Basically, Riley isn't all talk; not only can she shoot out hilarious and seething comebacks, but she can pack a mean punch too. However, as time passed, especially after her 13th birthday, Riley began to become much more grounded and responsible. She thought through her actions much more, in contrast to her old reckless self, shedding some of that old impulsiveness. This was greatly highlighted when she chastised some kids for trying to sneak out, something she most likely would have done in the past. She also showed that she had become much more practical. She found most things to be useless information unless they taught her how to become a better warrior, showing an attitude similar to other "cocky AND dead heroes." She even back when Riley was irrational and reckless, she had a very strong sense of duty and loyalty to her friends and her fighting teachers. As stated by her paeator, she understood her duties better than most twice her age and experience, even looking beyond her smart a** behavior, she was still quite mature in that regard. Like her brother, Riley has very powerful protective instincts. She can't stand to sit back and see people get hurt, always trying to do something to help wherever possible, even if for a complete and total stranger. She is extraordinarily devoted to helping innocent people and protecting those she's fond of. Most often, this protectiveness was directed towards her brother, although she has shown to be protective over others, including her close friends. Riley can be very sarcastic and sharp tongued at times. She always has a smartass comment ready whenever someone says something antagonistic to her, and always bites back with a witty insult. She doesn't hesitate to speak her mind, and can be extremely stubborn in her opinions. When challenged by an attendent to just become like everyone else at the facility Riley pretended to be crazy around the attendent for a week. She can still be rebellious towards authority figures. Although Riley is not necessarily conceited, she is very aware of the fact that she is beautiful. She is rather proud of her body, which she worked for through literal blood, sweat, and pain. She especially takes pride in her curves which have come in better (and earlier) than most. Also, although she has become much more practical, she can still be somewhat vain at times about her appearance, taking pride in how she looks. Despite many changes in her personality, Riley remains a social creature. She can be very friendly and warm towards people, and doesn't shy away from meeting new people. She is also rather skilled in social interactions. While her brother attracted people with his calm low key charisma, Riley charms with her witty sense of humour, outspokenness and cheeky behaviour. Unlike her brother, Riley has a certain charisma which makes people flock to her, however the pair are similar in the fact that both