A/N:This is my first fanfic so I'm not sure how I did lol. Bella and Edward WILL get together, but it'll be a long ride. Please review! Disclaimer for this and all chapters: The characters belong to Stephenie Meyer, I just wanted to borrow them. Please don't copy my story either. We pulled into the school lot like any other day. Jasper's going on and on about girl he met the last week. Allie, Alison? Something like that. "She's really cute. Not cute as in a puppy though. I think I'm going to take her out again..." He babbled on and on. Jasper's a year older than me, a senior. He doesn't usually talk this much. I just sighed as he spoke continuously without a breath, not giving me time to give my input. We both got out of the car and proceeded to one of the most boring and insipid schools in America: Forks High School. It was pouring buckets outside. The parking lot consisted of wave of students swarming to make way under the cover of the school roof. I put the hood of my raincoat up, but I was already soaked. Ah well, I'll dry off. Not only was the school stupid, but the girls in it were even more stupid. Yesterday was the last day of christmas break, so what better way to end the vacation than hooking up with a girl? Anyway, I slept with Lauren...uh Lauren...something. She was okay, but by no means the best. Just another notch on the head-board. She has platinum blonde hair, weird freckles, and her voice was so nasal I'm surprised they made it legal for her to talk. She has a decent body though, so why not? Jasper interrupted my thoughts though, "Hey bro look who's coming our way." I turn to where he's looking and see the blonde bimbo I did last night walking right to us with the biggest freaking grin on her face. We were already in the school, so she was making her way through the small crowd. Great. What the hell does she want? "Hey Edward. Last night was fun." She did a stupid little giggle that I knew for sure wasn't genuine. "So I was wondering if you wanted to hang out tonight? Maybe catch a movie or grab some dinner or..." She continues rambling on like I was actually listening. I stopped her before her nasal words could do any damage to my hearing. "Look, uh, Lauren, I think you're under a misunderstanding. We, under no circumstances, are together." I made it short and sweet. I lightly squeezed her shoulders and walked away before she could react. I didn't even realize that Jasper was nowhere in sight for a couple of seconds. Honestly, how oblivious could that girl be? She knew who I was: Edward Cullen, the hottest, most respected, praised upon, player in history. Did she really expect something special? I hate it, and I love it. I hate how they all think they can change me. Like they will be the one to make Edward Cullen see the light. Last time I checked, I wasn't in the dark. I love it because of the name it gives me. I built a reputation, and an empire with it. Another girl caught my eye as I walked into my homeroom. I winked at her, causing a fit of giggles to erupt from her throat before she turned around from embarrassment. It would have been convenient to know her name, but I'm sure I can get to her any less. Liam walked in soon after and took the seat next to me. They needed to make these desks bigger, they were tiny. He grinned and ran his hand through his dirty blond hair. He held his fist out, to which I automatically pounded back. "So what was Lauren? Number 92, 93?" He joked. Liam was perfect. Friendly and obnoxious when necessary, but he can also take part in a serious conversation. I rolled my eyes at him. "You know I don't keep count." We started talking about last night's football game: Cougars vs. Ravens. "So I think Principal Maze found out about your mass text about Swan. Word is she's gonna call you down by the end of the day" Once again, I rolled my eyes. They had absolutely no proof that was me. But then again, who else would send a picture of Swan on her ass at the grocery store? It was hilarious, I couldn't exactly keep it to myself could I? She literally just fell out of nowhere and landed right on her bum. I happened to be in the right place at the right time, and was smart enough to take a picture. "I suppose they think it was me. Shocker." I couldn't help laughing while I said that. The teacher gave us a glare, because we were somewhat disturbing his attendance taking, but we continued anyway. "Well, obviously. Who else would it be?" Liam stated in a slightly lower voice, "Like who else would fill Mrs. Jenning's car top to bottom rocks? Or pull the fire alarm during a down pour? Or lock a teacher in on herself in the teacher's lounge? My friend, you are not the best at secrecy." Liam finished with a smirk as I reached to punch his shoulder, which he effectively blocked. The bell rang then and we all got up to go to our first period class. I grinned to myself as I made my way to Civics. Half of the girls were turning to gawk at me. I acknowledged a few of them. One even came up to me and complimented my shirt. I looked down to see what I was wearing: a dark green t-shirt and jeans. Not amazing by itself, but it was pretty amazing when put on me. Seriously, who wouldn't want to be me? I have rock hard abs, amazing hair, and a reputation to be proud of. Girls practically drooled, scratch that they did drool over me, and guys were jealous as fuck. Everyone except Swan fit into those categories, but she didn't count so it doesn't matter. I walked into Civics about a minute or two late. It's not my fault the school was retarded and gave me two classes on the polar opposite ends of the building, and I wasn't about to rush through the hallways to be here on time. "Nice of you to join us Mr. Cullen," recited Mr. Grole. He was such a weirdo, probably 50 years old, balding hair, glasses, and a black suit so old and faded it looked as it was gray and his granddad's. "Sorry Mr. G, I had to save cat from a tree." "Very funny, Edward. Hand in your paper and take a seat." We always have a paper due in this class. I gave up on writing them myself after the first one. Chelsea wrote this last one for me. Explain the importance of judicial independence. I scanned the room for an empty seat. I smiled when I saw that the only vacant chair was next to Swan. This should be fun. I sauntered over to the desk and sat down, not bothering with subtlety. She looked over at me for a fleeting second before turning her attention to Mr G's lecture. Honestly, she was such a freak. She wore blue skinny jeans, a blue t-shirt, black converse, and that was it. I had to admit, she was stunning. Her skin was as pale as possible, but it didn't look bad. Her hair was mahogany brown, and fell halfway down her back. Her eyes were a deep, chocolate-brown. She didn't have much curves, but it was enough. She didn't have the biggest breasts I've seen, but any bigger and they wouldn't be proportionate. Her shirt was a V-neck, and if she bent down I would be able to see her bra. But other than that, she was pretty boring and annoying. She got straight A's, would have an aneurysm if told to take a shot of vodka, and has probably only been to the principal's office to receive some useless certificate. I smirked as I remembered her first day here in the beginning of freshman year... I was sitting with the guys in the corner of the room. It was first period, the middle the October, ten minutes into class and still no sign of our Geometry teacher. The one day I decide to be on time the damn teacher isn't even here. I turned around from my crowd to talk to this girl Kerry. "Hey, Kerry. I was wondering if you wanted to come over today after school? My brother, Jasper, will drive us home. Meet me in the parking lot?" I said will a smile. The chances of her saying no are slim to none. "Oh um sure I mean uh yea, I-I mean yes I mean yes." She stammered like an idiot. I just smiled at her and turned back. Liam, Conner, Tyler, and all the guys went into a raucous of laughter after hearing my exchange. They didn't think I would be able to juggle two girls in one night. Sure I could. Have Kerry leave by 6, and have what's-her-face over at 7. Simple as that. We all turned as the door was opened and closed, expecting the Mrs. Cartman to walk in. I was about to make a smart ass remark about how I wasted my time coming to her class on time when she wasn't even here, but it wasn't Mrs. Cartman who came in. Instead, this other gorgeous girl walked in. Huh, I don't recognize her. Must be the new girl. Sure enough I hear one of the guys whisper "That's the new chick. Isabella Swan. She's pretty hot." She was extremely pale, but it fit her. She wore jeans and a long sleeve red shirt. Her hair looked like it was left natural, but it was alright. Her hair was a brown that just fit her so well, I couldn't describe it if I wanted to. She didn't wear any makeup as far as I could tell. Maybe a little mascara and blush. Everyone just stared at her as she made her way to the only empty seat: next to me. She blushed a deep red as she realized no one was going to avert their gazes. I guess it's not prosthetic blush she's wearing. I finally said something to break the ice. " So you're Isabella?" "Bella, actually," She basically whispered. Everyone was still pretty much staring. "Well I'm Edward. How's your -" The teacher finally decided to show up and interrupted me. "Settle down. Sorry I'm late. Let's stop harassing...Mrs. Swan isn't it?...Pleasure to meet you." She glanced at me then and then proceeded to talk by saying "Mr. Cullen, good to actually see you in my class." "Aww good to know you missed me Mrs. C." I replied just as snarky. She rolled her eyes and began with the lesson I turned to Liam and whispered "Ten bucks I can make it three girls, the third Swan." He glanced at the girl for a minute, then raised an eyebrow and stuck his hand out "You're on, Cullen." I shook his hand and waited impatiently for the class to end. When the bell rang, everyone sprung up and out of the class. Everyone except the teacher, Liam, and the new girl. Bella was looking at her schedule before continuing to her next class. She got up and walked out, but I caught up before she could get too far. "Hey, Bella," She stopped abruptly and turned to look at me. "I thought it would be fun to hang out tonight. I know it might be hard as the new girl, so this would be fun. Just you and me." I stopped talking and waited for her to respond, but she just stared