Tawarthion – Chapter 1 Tawarthion is what he's called. Only a small handful know his true name, and even fewer still, know Tawarthion for who he is; the things he loves, what he believes in, what he dislikes. I count myself among the blessed by being gifted with the opportunity to have met him. ஜ۩۞۩ஜ "Eadaion, who is that?" a woman asks upon entering the young girl's room. Eadaion turned from the portrait she'd been tirelessly working on, "Tawarthion." she answers curtly. "Ah, the one your father mentioned." The woman replies as she moves to sit beside her daughter who continues with her progress. It had already been drawn out (though there was a smudge on the ear where she had almost given him a pointed ear by mistake) and half of the image was beautifully painted. Her curious mother leans a bit forward and a pleasant smile forms, "He looks rather ethereal. Is he like that in person?" A chuckle escapes the girl, "In a way, yes." she then continues rather excitedly, "Mom, just you wait until it's finished, this may be one of the best I've done in a while." "Then I'll leave you to it." Her mother leaves her spot on the chair they briefly shared and heads for the bedroom door, only to pause on her way out, "Speaking of that friend of yours, when will your father and I get the chance to meet him? I'd like to thank him for being a good friend to you." At this, Eadaion's attention shifts from her artwork and to the window where she's silent for a few moments of thought until she smiles again, "When the time is right. To be truthful, I can't tell you when that could be since I don't know the day myself." She continues speaking as her attention is pulled back to the portrait, "However, if my hunch is correct, it should be very soon." This ended the conversation with her mother as she stared at her daughter's hunched form, pondering her words in her heart, and exits the room with a thoughtful smile. There, Eadaion sits in a peaceful silence as she works. And it is in this silence that a memory sparks in the back of her constantly churning mind; a memory of the time where she had first met Tawarthion in a place called 'Middle Earth'. This story, woven by divine hands, is part of a grand design, though it may seem small to those who partake in it and to those who are mere spectators of it who are, in turn, part of a story of their own that is being stitched together by the same hands. In fact, it was those divine hands that led her to Middle Earth, and though it may have been a very uncomfortable transition at first, she wouldn't have had it any other way. ஜ۩۞۩ஜ Although it was a rather humdrum day ever since she had woken up to the sound of rain and the dull gray of rain clouds that morning, the day started off like any other day in Eadaion's life; forcing herself out of her comfortable bed, making sure she looked presentable at the very least, and leaving the comfort of her home to go school. Normally, her eyes would have been shifting to the clocks just waiting for the classes to end (even during her favorite lessons). However this day had something else in store for the girl. During the first few minutes of her morning class, she felt a rather strange feeling within her, as if something were tugging her spirit out of her body. She suddenly began to rise from her seat, leaving her body behind, and down below her were two tall men standing on either side of her body and they looked as if they were made of pure light, golden and bright. As she felt that gentle tug a second time the room disappeared and the world around her blurred into an awesome atmosphere of light which lasted for but a moment until it changed again to that of dense treetops letting in just enough light to see. The girl was set down gently onto the grass. For a short while she lay there, trying to process just what had happened and where in the world she was. Eadaion hesitantly lifted her head up from the ground and the rest of her body slowly followed suit. The first thing she noticed was that the clothes she had on were not the same as the clothing she wore that morning; a long sleeved, long tunic with simple embroidery and brown boots on her feet. A simple bow lay by her side, paired with a quiver with few arrows in it. A quizzical look forms on her face upon seeing the weapon (for she only dabbled in archery and was, in her eyes, barely above being a novice) but her focus then shifts to the rather daunting scene of the dark, dense woodland around her. There was a heaviness in the air that set her on edge and weighed down on her spirit. This forest was not normal, and it looked as if a monster would pop out at any moment. However, despite the fear the forest instilled, she had a sense of peace within her that everything was as it should be; that there was a reason for her being here. So, even though her flesh was so bent on not moving a single inch and argued with her spirit on either leaving or staying, she took in a deep breath with her newly acquired weapon in hand, gathered her courage and took her first few timid steps that soon became larger steps over foliage and fallen trees into the thick woodland, all as a gentle whisper told her to go on. ஜ۩۞۩ஜ The sun was now at its peak, and Eadaion hadn't found a single trace of civilization. The only things she had gotten from this walking so far were scratches on her upper body and streaks of dirt on her face and clothes. At some point in her wandering, she had begun to hallucinate, seeing forest creatures of unusual colors and creatures that indeed did not belong to any forest on this good earth as she walked through slim, patches of sunlight. Just as she was considering of turning back, she yelped as she missed a step and tumbled down a dip in the earth, followed by cracks and snaps of foliage she had barreled through on the way down. Her gaze was again to the treetops once she settled down on the bottom and she lets out a miserable sigh as she carefully collects herself from the ground. Thoughts of home gave her some comfort, but it left behind a greater longing and did more harm than good. Her courage was depleting as time wore on and she began to think woeful thoughts of ' where in the world am I?' and, ' how will I ever get back home?' Eadaion walked as noon soon turned to nightfall and the girl found herself nestled in an abandoned burrow beneath the roots of a large tree. Sleep was hard to come by that night, for the floor was dirty and uncomfortable, the forest was so dark she couldn't see her hand in front of her face, and she had this chilling feeling as if she were being watched. By what, she did not know, and to be honest, she didn't want to find out. Not in this darkness. The lost girl prayed until she drifted off into an uncomfortable, dreamless rest. ஜ۩۞۩ஜ It had been four days since Eadaion's arrival, and she didn't feel like she could go on for much longer. During the night, she had fortunately come across one more deserted burrow until she had to resort to sleeping on the forest floor. She had at least felt somewhat safe in the burrows. Out in the open she felt very vulnerable to whatever may have been watching her in the darkness (however, two days before, there was a small leather pack of food left for her on that morning and of course she was puzzled as to who may have left it for her, but nevertheless grateful). She did her best to ration what she had been given, but she ran out much sooner that she'd thought, and there wasn't a speck of food to come by in this forest; there were no berry bushes and she knew absolutely nothing about hunting and the process of preparing meat for eating. She was dehydrated as well. To be blunt, Eadaion was miserable. That morning quickly turned to late noon and Eadaion plopped herself down onto the forest floor, feeling defeated. Never in her life has she ever been this tired, and she was on the verge of tears. So there she lay, thinking more woeful thoughts which gradually turned to ponderings of what Heaven is like, since she knew for certain that she was going to die in this forest. Before she knew it, she drifted off into a light sleep, and by the time she woke, it was close to evening again. Welp, time to die. Eadaion immediately rebuked herself for that thought, and contemplated on whether to try and find a place to sleep for the night or stay where she was. Suddenly, she heard strange sounds in the distance among the trees, a collection of hissing and growling, along with the snapping of branches and undergrowth. And it was all coming towards her at a frightening speed. Eadaion's eyes widened. It all happened so fast; one moment she's kicking up dirt and grass trying to get to her feet (she was in such a panic that she nearly left her bow behind), next she's running for her life through the nightmarish woods as the unknown went after her. ஜ۩۞۩ஜ Unknown to the girl, there was another person in this forest, travelling among the treetops with admirable speed (for he had heard the commotion and set out to investigate, though he had a good hunch of what caused it). The warrior came to a quick stop and, keeping his balance on a thick tree branch, peered down below him. What he saw made him bristle, for his hunch had been right; they were back again, and they were after the girl. Quick as lightning, he turned and set off on a different route, one that he was sure would get him to girl without being spotted by those beasts. ஜ۩۞۩ஜ As Eadaion came to a sudden halt in another small clearing a giant spider came crashing down from above, landing right in front of her. It was the most horrendous thing she had ever seen and it shocked her so much that her scream got caught in her throat. With her bow in hand, Eadaion took a couple of steps back and when the beast lunged for her, she reached for an arrow and shot at her attacker. It let out a loud, pained shriek; the arrow Eadaion let loose hit one of its eyes, even though it was a wild shot. It was enough to distract it from her, and the girl made a run for it but she came to a skidding halt as another spider blocked her path and a third one appeared as she tried to escape again. Eyes wide with fear, Eadaion backed up as the spiders advanced towards her. She stole a quick glance behind her and, seeing an opening, she booked it. Her heart was pounding against her chest and her lungs were burning for air, and the girl kept running (despite small stumbles here and there over undergrowth) until she came crashing and stumbling through a thin wall of low hanging branches and undergrowth and landed roughly on the forest floor. Suddenly, as one of the spiders made a move to