For Ty: Happy late as fuck birthday. I hope you enjoyed this story- I had an amazing time writing this story, and I hope that I wrote this the exact same way you imagined when you were creating her. 3 To be honest though, at this point, it's slowly become a Christmas gift. Oh well. Merry Christmas, man. (It feels weird that I changed writing styles at random places, but that's okay.) why did i make up an oc? i changed things to make it work because im uncreative. (Please take notice, these word are hopeless It's ripping me apart and I can't take it anymore) I will hold my tongue for the rest of my life ~Mayday Parade, Everything's An Illusion Her mother didn't give her another look once she sat her down, trying almost desperately to reassure herself that what she's doing is best for them- and the child. She wouldn't be a good mother, and he.. he wouldn't want to be with her if she had a kid. It was for the best, children only ever seem to ruin things. The child screams, repeatedly, begging for attention and comfort. She doesn't look down though, instead, pulling the blanket over her head and loudly pounds on the door before she notices a light flicking on. Her breath hitches in her throat, regret and worry seeming to fill from the bottom of her stomach and engulfing her previous feelings. It all but left her being when another light illuminated the house even further, coming closer to the front door. Her feet moved on it's own, slowly backing away from the child and off the porch. (She left a note, scribbled and barely legible, filled with spelling errors but the Caretakers can read it easily. The note calls her "Presley" and they decide to keep her name.) Presley is a child and children have infinite amount of energy, innocent to the last drop, and blinded by black and white thinking. It's when she's four years old when she notices that people aren't always to be trusted, as some of them would gladly do rather terrible things to her like steal her beads or hurt her. Jane, her roommate that warns her every time, doesn't let her near any of the sleepy-looking men that smell like garbage that's been left in the rain and left to rot. The older girl warns her of them, constantly. Like her memory gets erased and Jane has to protect her, which frankly, pisses her off. Presley refuses to believe that she needs to be protected, and hates when the blonde girl drags her away from anything that captures her interest. It's not fair at all in Presley's mind and when she brings it up, Jane only lightly smiles at her, and tells her she'd've loved someone like herself to guide and teach her these things. "District Six isn't very safe sometimes, Presley. Everyone should be protected; so I'm here to protect you." She's five years old when she is all by herself and Jane is nowhere to be seen. He's old, in his thirties, dressed in green and orange which confuses Presley because it looks weird mixed together and he looks stupid. He calls himself an escort, another thing that confuses her because she's pretty sure that's just another fancy word for whore. (He doesn't seem pleased when she tells him this.) The man, whom she's going to call Neo until she's told otherwise, gushes over an event that is about to happen. "The Hunger Games, little smelly one! Aren't you excited? Perhaps one of your buddies are going to be honored to go into the Hunger Games!" "Won't they.." she tries to think of the word, but bites her lip because Jane warns her that the word is wrong and shouldn't be used around others. Thus, she changes the word so that when Jane finds her, she can't yell at her. Or rather, as much. "Bleed..?" "Of course!" He claps, laughing loudly. It hurts her ears, the shrilled voice of his. Neo wiggles his finger at her, tsking at her. "That's the whole point of the Hunger Games, silly girl. It's a fight to the death!" "That doesn't sound fun." Neo almost looks offended, like she had announced she thought he was stupid and ugly. Which he was, but she didn't say it. "It's very fun. I've been watching it since I was your age, girly. Everyone in the entire country watches it! Everyone loves it!" "It's not nice to watch people get hurt," she looks questionably at him. That's what Jane tells her, at least. People getting hurt isn't funny. Presley reminds herself to ask Jane about The Hunger Games, and if it's as fun as the weird man says it is. "Well.." he trails on awkwardly, attempting to explain to her that is very much so nice as it's something of a punishment and it's not just another source of comedy for everyone. Once he begins explaining something about being spoiled with candies and cute clothing, she thinks he's teasing her. District Six only has one candy shop and only the rich can afford it, and not her, she doesn't like it. Plus, it the prize meant that they got to wear silly clothes, she doesn't think it's worth it. "Does everyone have to do it?" Neo claps his hand together again, nodding fervently. "Of course! Everyone gets a chance to do it, aren't you lucky? In the Capitol, we can only watch and play pretend to do it." He looks genuinely upset about this fact. "I would do anything to be in your spot, I've always wanted to go in for the the fame and the honour. So unfair." She doesn't get a chance to respond before he quickly jumps back to his feet, rushing over to the stage and microphone. Presley is left to stand in the middle of the isle, being pulled back by a Peacekeeper that throws her into a pen. The strawberry blonde girl watches Neo take two slips out from oversized bowls, doing a great and winded speech on honour and… something. She lost interest after the third word. Once it's over, Presley manages to find Jane. Grabbing her hand, Presley asks her if the man was correct. If people really did like watching other people get hurt. "Of course not!" She sounds scared, swallowing, before lowering her voice. Bending down until her hands are in her own, she whispers, "The Hunger Games is very, very bad.. okay? We don't talk about them." Presley is confused and doesn't understand. The man was so happy to talk about them.. "But-" "Presley, please." Her voice cracks. "We don't talk about it. Promise me you won't bring this back up." Presley brings her thumb to her mouth, looking away from her. "Umm…" "Presley, please ." "Okay.." Presley sighs, locking her pinky finger with the older girl's. "I promise you, Jane." Jane gives a light smile, worry still obvious on her face. "Good. Now, c'mon.. we need to meet up with the rest of the other girls." It's a few years later when she officially meets the Headmaster, not like when he occasionally came down to eat with them during the holidays or give a written speech about one of the girls dying or being adopted.. whichever seemed to happen first. He goes around the cafeteria, speaking to every girl that he catches his eye on, gracefully floating and talking gently to them all. When he sees Presley, another light smile paints itself on his face as he manages himself over to her. Presley smiled. "Good morning." A simple look from one of the supervisors reminded her. " Sir ." He leaned down, gently stroking the side of her face and then curling his fingers around the curls of her light blonde hair. "Good morning to you too, Presley." He smiled, much too wide for her not to wonder if he was really a wolf and if he was going to gobble her up like the other girls said. "Why, aren't you just turning out to be a pretty young lady?" Still, there was something about him that made him feel trusting to her. The orderlies all liked him, they sang praises about how great he was... but why did the older girls flinch when he entered the room? Was be mean- did he hit them like the others did? "Thank you," she smiled sweetly, grabbing the edges of her skirt. They always were less harsh on the beatings if they were polite.. maybe he would be too. She wondered if he was one of the nice ones. He turned away from her, locking eyes with another blonde girl. "I'll see you again, Presley." Presley watched as he made his way towards her, grabbing her shoulders affectionately. The girl squealed, flinching as she backed away from him. She whimpered out a response- an apology- quicking leaving the cafeteria. "Presley!" Jane set her tray down next to her, returning her attention from the headmaster. "Hi," Presley smiled in return, looking down at her food. Gripping her fork, she picked at the slightly pink meet in front of her. She wasn't particularly hungry, but she didn't want to be punished for not finishing her food. Picking up a piece and shoving it into her mouth, forcing herself to swallow the undercooked food. "Are you okay?" Jane asks, doing the same as her. Lifting her cup to her mouth, a pink bow tie necklace wrapped around her arm like a bracelet. Presley wondered where she found it. It looked expensive, like one of those fancy ones you'd occasionally find the richer citizens wearing. "Mhm.. why do you have that?" Presley reached out, feeling the chain between her fingers. "I found it," Jane looked down, keeping the cup at her lower face, a faint smile on her face. It didn't take Presley anytime to realize what she really meant. Oh. Later that night Presley could still hear someone's feet wandering the hall, opening doors and whispering to someone. She wondered if they were chasing shifts, or if someone had tried to leave the orphanage again. The door opened, revealing the Headmaster from earlier today. She pulled the comforter up closer to her body, shutting her eyes and hoping he wouldn't notice her awake. Several moments passed before she could feel someone's weight on the end of the bed, their hands pressing down on their side. " Presley ," the speaker whispered their name, their voices soft enough that only she'd be able to hear. It was Mr. Rafferty. Bringing her hands to her face, Presley faked waking up; giving a big show about yawning and stretching her arms before she managed out, "S-sir?" "I'm sorry, darling. I didn't mean to wake you, but I need you to come with me for a moment." He pulled the covers back from her body, his eyes lingering on her body as she slowly managed herself off the bed. "Please- be silent not to wake the others." Rafferty gripped her hand, pulling her to his chest like an armour. Presley looked up at him, confused and slightly nervous about being pulled into his office in the middle of the night. As he pulled her, Presley noticed how tight his hold on her truly was. Her wrists ached, barely able to move her fingers or take back her arm from his gripe. "Am I in trouble?" she finally managed to say, her voice getting quieter as they passed multiple orderlies making their own rounds. "No, of course not, darling," he smiled at her, failing to give her a reassuring squeeze. "I just need to talk to you for a little while." Moments pass until they find themselves in his office, him telling her to take a seat before locking the door behind them. "Presley.." he smiles down at her, kneeling down infront of her. "Headmaster?" "This is a very