Disclaimer: I don't own anything from the Harry Potter universe. Only my own ideas and characters belong to me. i would like to give all credit of correcting my grammar mistakes to my Beta; dealyflame who is doing an amazing job in correcting my work. Harry Potter and the Shadow Legion Part 2 Chapter 1 As soon as Harry, Hermione, Fleur and Ginny left the train, they spotted Aurora and Gabrielle and they slowly made their way towards were the adults were standing. Lord Ragnok gave them a toothy grin and said, "I heard that you four will be our interns for the next week?" The quartet nodded silently and Ragnok grinned, "Good. I will expect the four of you tomorrow morning at eight o'clock sharp." The goblin leader nodded to Aurora and Gabrielle and took a small stone out of his pocket. He held it in his fist muttered a word in gobbledegook and vanished. Aurora and Gabrielle led the quartet off of the platform, back to the muggle part of the station. They made their way towards the main entrance where they were awaited by one of Elizabeth's cars. The black limousine made its way towards Buckingham palace. When they rode past St. James's Park they were surprised to find a large crowd of reporters and news vans blocking the gates. Aurora lowered the window which separated them from the driver and asked, "Do you know what is going on? Is her majesty going to make an announcement or something?" The MMS agent who was driving the car raised his shoulder and said, "I do not know ma'am. They were not here when I left an hour ago, so whatever the reason they are here, it is recent." Aurora thanked him and closed the window again, while the driver slowed down and carefully made his way towards the gathered crowd. Gabrielle took a remote control from beneath a TV screen and put it on BBC 1. A blond news reporter appeared on the screen and she said in an excited voice. "Earlier this afternoon, an anonymous source brought out the news that her majesty Queen Elizabeth, has a grand nephew. This nephew, named Harry Potter, was the son of sir James Potter, only child of princess Victoria and her mysterious husband, Lord Arturius Potter. The young James, his wife Lily and their newborn son, were assumed to have been killed in the last of the terrorist attacks, which also claimed the lives of Princess Victoria and her husband, that plagued our land a decade ago. But it now turn s out that Harry somehow survived the horrible attack that claimed the lives of his parents. It is revealed that the boy has been raised by two members of her majesty's military guard. The identity of these guards are as of yet unknown, but it is assumed that they are the two mysterious women who trailed her majesty during the 5 years of terror." A picture was shows on the screen and it clearly showed Aurora and Gabrielle walking behind Elizabeth and wearing the familiar military uniforms of the Legion. It was taken during one of Aurora and Gabrielle's few moments of public duty, where it was too crowded for the Angels to be able to perform the task. " I would like to ask anyone who knows anything about these two women to come forward, as the people deserve to know who they are and why they were entrusted to raise a member of the royal family. The anonymous tip also mentioned that young Harry has spent the last year in a boarding school in Scotland and was scheduled to return to King's Cross station, sometime today. It is unknown which school is meant as there are..." the woman stopped talking abruptly and held her hand to her ear. She seemed to listen to something coming from her earpiece. " I just heard that a limousine, with the royal coat of arms has picked up a group of people at Kings cross station, and the two unknown women seem to have been amongst them. If this is true than we could be about to receive our first look on this mysterious young member of the royal family, as said limousine is approaching Buckingham Palace as we speak." The camera turned away from the reporter and showed the black limousine driving past St. James's park. "Oh crap," the kids chuckled at Aurora´s remark and Gabrielle cursed softly under her breath. Aurora rolled down the window again and told the driver, "Turn around, full speed, secondary entrance St. James's park." The driver nodded once and in an incredible manoeuvre, which no muggle driver could perform, he turned the limousine around and sped towards the entrance to the park. Just as they were about to enter the park, the driver pushed a button on his dashboard and the floor beneath the entrance disappeared. They drove down a ramp and into a well-lit tunnel, while the secret door closed behind them. "Won't anyone have seen us disappear," asked Ginny to Gabrielle. Gabrielle shook her head and said, "Don't worry the entrance is hidden by notice-me-not charms, so only those who know it is there, can actually see it when it opens. To the muggle world we just pulled of a successful disappearing act." The four kids grinned but stopped abruptly when they saw the serious looks on the adults' faces. They shared a look between the four of them and Harry asked carefully, "What's wrong mom?" Aurora let out a sigh and said, "The situation is far worse than you four can imagine Harry." The quartet looked confused, so Aurora explained further, "When your paternal grandparents were killed, James and Lily made a very hard decision. They deliberately severed every bond they still had with the royal family and vanished from public life. They did this to save both you and Elizabeth, as they knew how much the death of her sister had hurt Elizabeth. If the Death Eaters got their hands on James, Lily and you, they would gain full control of Elizabeth. She would have done anything they demanded in order to save you three, as you were all that was left of her beloved sister. So James and Lily asked us to look after Elizabeth, before they vanished from both the magical and muggle world. When the Fidelius charm had been put in place, only four people knew where they were located, Dumbledore as he performed the charm. Sirius, Remus and..." "Pettigrew," snarled Harry in reply. Aurora nodded and continued with her explanation. "Now that the news is out, the whole world will know that you are her lost family member, and all those who mean her harm, will come after you ." The quartet paled at this and Harry stammered, "So you.. you.. mean tha... that...," he was unable to complete his question as Hermione, Fleur and Ginny hugged him with tears of fear in their eyes. Her eyes wet with tears, Gabrielle nodded and said softly, "Yes Harry. Every hostile nation or organisation in the world, will be going after you, to hurt her. And we're not only speaking about Death Eaters, but other magical organisations and muggles as well." Aurora agreed sadly and said, softly, "That's not even all of it. If they put that picture of Gabrielle and me through their archives, they will undoubtedly find others of us. Images of maybe decades or even centuries ago. Images that show us exactly as we look today. They will hunt us down, to discover out secret. I only hope that there is anything we can do to stop this." The group stayed silent for the rest of the trip and when they reached the literal end of the line, the driver stopped the limo. He opened his window and said a short passphrase in a microphone on the wall, causing the floor to rise beneath them. They were standing on a car-elevator, which brought them to the subterranean garage, in which they normally would have arrived. They left the car and saw that they were awaited by Elizabeth, who was being followed by the "top-squad", the best agents the MSS had to offer. Remus, Sirius, Kingsley, McAndrews and Moody, led by Amelia. They were waiting with drawn wands and looking everywhere for possible threats. As soon as Elizabeth saw Harry step from the car, she ran to him and enveloped him in a hug. She looked at him with tears in her eyes and saw the fear in his. She swallowed once and slowly released Harry. Standing up, she looked at Aurora and Gabrielle, with steel in her eyes and said, "Execute Order 66". Aurora and Gabrielle looked shocked to hear this and swallowed before Aurora said, "You mean..." Elizabeth didn't move and just said "Yes. do it." No one, except Aurora, Gabrielle and Elizabeth knew what they were talking about and when Harry opened his mouth to ask about it, Gabrielle shook her head and said, "No Harry. Do not ask about this." She looked down at Harry, Hermione, Fleur and Ginny and shed a single tear. "Stay with Elizabeth. Do not, under any circumstance, leave this palace, before we return. We will send reinforcements from Avalon as soon as we get there." She swallowed once and enveloped the quartet in a crushing hug. "Remember, no matter what happens today, we will always love you." Aurora took over from Gabrielle and also hugged the four children. "Stay with Elizabeth, do not trust anyone, except our family and the Legionnaires. We love you all, so much." The two Angels stood up with the looks of people who were going to their own doom and Harry clamped himself at Aurora's legs, unwilling to let her go. "NO," he cried, "don't leave us". Hermione, Fleur and Ginny joined him and they clamped themselves to Aurora and Gabrielle, making it impossible for them to leave. With tears running down their cheeks, Aurora and Gabrielle placed a hand on the neck of each of the kids who held them and pressed a certain nerve. The quartet slumped down and were caught just before they hit the ground. They handed the kids to the 'Top-squad', removed all of their wands and guns and handed them to Elizabeth. Aurora added, "Don't return these before Dan gets here, he can talk some sense into them." And leaving a confused group and saddened Queen behind, they flamed away. When Harry and the girls woke up half an hour later, they found themselves in the familiar sitting room lying on the couches and guarded by at least thirty soldiers, in familiar white skull masks. Harry sat up straight and with a soft voice, dripping of anger he said, "Where are my mother's?" The girls were also awake by now and sat up next to him. Two of the masked soldiers before them turned to face them and removed their masks, it was Dan and Ivan. Hermione launched herself at her father and started pounding on his chest and began yelling, "Where are they, where are they". Dan grabbed his daughter's arms and said sadly, "We don't know. They arrived at Avalon half an hour ago and sent the entire Legion, all 6000 soldiers, to Buckingham palace. They just told us to bring everything we had, tanks, EXO's, artillery, everything, and prepare for war." Harry rose up, with Fleur and Ginny on either side of him and in the same cold voice as before he said, "Then who does know where they are?" "I do", came a soft voice from the entrance. They all looked towards the entrance and saw Amelia standing in the doorway. "I just received word, the Ministry is under attack. Fudge is reporting heavy casualties and is recalling all available forces to defend the Ministry building. They have declared war on magical Britain." All occupants of the room, both masked and unmasked,