The Twists and Turns in Panem High Summary: Katniss Everdeen is the new girl at Panem High in the rich side of District 12, her mom has remarried a wealthy man for whom she had fallen for in the past, but forgotten about. Katniss, Prim and their mother are now very wealthy as Peter, is the richest man in Panem and wants to treat those beautiful women as if Rose had been his wife forever and the girls his own daughters. When Katniss dicovers that the man his mother had married truly cares for her and Prim, she feels good and loved for the first time in a very long time since her father passed and feels that she can maybe learn to love someone too. When she starts going to a new school, Panem High, the first thing she sees are icy blue eyes. Those blue eyes belong to the one and only Cato Ludwig. He has just broken up with his girlfriend of 6 months and felt intriguied by Katniss' fire in her eyes. Katniss will meet people, but will they like her? She feels Cato might be the one, but is he really? Read to know what happens. DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN THE HUUNGER GAMES, THE CHARACTERS OR THE LOCATIONS USED IN THE STORY. RATED M FOR LEMONS, LANGUAGE AND OTHER MATURE CONTENT LATER ON IN THE STORY. A/N: Please read my story, it's my first one ever and it would mean a lot to me if you could read and review, please tell me what I can do better and I promise that there will be either weekly uploads on Thursdays, Tuesdays or both, you vote for the rhythm of the story and I have to fulfill no excuses. I hate when authors leave me hanging for months and i plan to not do that. -Sofie Chapter one: A ring, a vow and a new life "I do", Peter said. "I do", Rose said. "You may now kiss your bride", the minister said turning towards Peter. 1 MONTH BEFORE She just sat there gazing into the blond hair in front of her, she touched the silky surface and started brushing again, she braided the beautiful blonde hair that was in front of her, Prim's hair. Prim stood up and stretched while yawning. "Thanks Katniss, I feel so much better, I think that I actually took a nap while you were brushing my hair." Prim said sweetly. "Aww, I will do it every time you ask, me I love how you look that calm little duck." Katniss said playfully. "I'm just gonna go to my room to do my homework." Prim said, and with that she walked out of the room, closing the door as she left. She just sat there, Katniss just simply sat on her bed a few moments before she heard a knock on the door. She got up from the bed, exited her room and went downstairs to answer the door. Her face lit up when she saw who was standing there, it was her two best friends, Gale Hawthorne and Glimmer Thorn. "Gale! Glim!" She cried. "Hey Catnip.", Gale said, smiling. "Hey Princess!" Glimmer cried as well, as she hugged her best friend. "Let's go to my room." Katniss finally said, taking Glimmer's hand and Gale's arm. They walked up the stairs and hid themselves behind the closed door in Katniss' bedroom. Glimmer laid on her bed and Gale stretched out on the carpet, while Katniss sat down on her bed. "Hey Princess, you look down, what's wrong?" Glimmer asked, her eyes filled with concern. Gale looked up at the girls, looking concerned as well. "Oh, it's nothing Glitter." Katniss said playful and doubtful at the same time, Glimmer hated being called glitter almost as much as Katniss hated being called Princess. Glimmer simply rolled her eyes and Gale chuckled from the floor. "Katniss, we've all been best friends since forever so I know when you are upset about something Princess." Glimmer said. "Okay, I'll tell you. Since dad passed away, mom has been extremely lonely and I just want her to be happy and go out on a date or something, so that she can meet a guy and be happy." Katniss said. Glimmer and Gale pondered this for a few minutes, their faces filled with thought. "I think I've got a brilliant idea!" Glimmer squealed out of nowhere making Gale and Katniss jump. "What?! What is it? Glitter!" Katniss asked startled. "We should take her to the singles dance next week!" Glimmer explained. "Glitter! You are a genius!" Katniss cried aloud, grabbed Glimmer's head and kissed the top of it. "Oh, stop it you're making me blush." Glimmer said sarcastically while batting her eyelashes at Katniss. All of them laughed and talked the rest of the afternoon, during which time they made a plan for Katniss' mother. ONE WEEK LATER AT THE SINGLES DANCE "Mom, are you ready for the dance?" Katniss asked while waiting impatiently in the living room. "Yes. Just a minute Katniss, no need to fuss." Mrs. Everdeen said. "Hurry it up mother!" Katniss yelled. Her mother was descending the stairs and looked absolutely gorgeous, black cocktail dress up to her knees, a bit of cleavage, black high heels and her blonde hair was styled in swift, light curls. Katniss whistled and her mother blushed. When they arrived, Katniss told her mother, she'd be back for her at one am, that meant nearly four hours at the dance, and that if she wanted to be picked up earlier to call her cellphone. When Rose Everdeen walked in, her eye caught a sideways glance from a very handsome guy. His face looked familiar, although she couldn't quite place where she had seen him. Then it struck her, it was Peter Crum, her high school sweetheart. She walked towards him and he looked at her with a smile. "Well look what the cat dragged in." Rose said with a smile as she neared him. "Hey Rose, how've you been?" Peter said chuckling. "I've been great, I have two beautiful daughters, Katniss who is 16 and Primrose who is 13 years old." Rose said. "I always dreamed of having a family, specially girls, but I guess that's a little late for me." Peter said slightly blushing. "Didn't you get married to Paige from chemistry?" Rose asked confused. "It didn't work out, sadly." Peter said, embarrassed. "My husband died 5 years ago." Rose said. "Oh, I'm sorry because you and your girls had to go through such a painful thing." Peter said with genuine concern. "Thank you, but enough of that, the past is the past and now I am looking for another stable relationship, but I know that I am kidding myself." Rose said, blushing furiously. "Why do you think of such a thing?" Peter said. "No man will want a woman with two teenagers." Rose said sadly. There was a moments silence. "Hey Rose..." Peter said. "Yeah?" Rose said. "Would you like to go on a date with me tomorrow?" Peter asked. "Really? Peter Crum wants to go on a date with me?" Rose asked, shocked. "Yes, and I would like to meet your daughters." Peter said, smiling. "Of course I would like to go on a date with you." Rose said aghast. TWO WEEKS LATER FROM THE DANCE "Girls, I wanted to ask you something." Rose Everdeen asked nervously. " What is it mom?" Prim and Katniss asked at the same time. " Do you like Peter, and if you do or don't tell me on a scale from zero to ten." Rose said. "Well, I really like him, a lot, like a 9.5 because I need to get to know him even better than I already do." Prim said cheerfully. "I couldn't agree more with Prim." Katniss said with a small smile on her face. " Well, that is a relief." Rose said. " But why do ask mom?" Katniss said. " Because he asked me to marry me and I said yes." Rose said, blushing furiously. " Mom, I couldn't be happier for you." Katniss said, her eyes twinkling. " Me too mom, if he makes you happy, it's alright with us." Prim said sweetly. THE DAY OF THE WEDDING Nothing could be more perfect, the wedding was simple, yet elegant in a black and white style, but it was a small ceremony. Rose had a long, white dress with a silver/diamond necklace Peter had given her. Katniss was wearing a silver dress with black trimming as well as Prim, being the maids of honor. Katniss was in her house getting ready for the wedding, slightly curling her hair and eyelashes and putting just a little bit of pale pink lip stick. She looked gorgeous even though she didn't know. Glimmer was with her wearing a long, silver dress and high heels, her blonde hair put into and elegant bun to the side and a small diamond pin at the top of the bun making her look amazing, her green eyes had golden flecks which made the outfit look even better. While Prim helped her mother get into the wedding gown and put some very light make up on her face. There was a knock on the door and Glimmer and Katniss answered it. It was Gale, he looked very handsome in a typical black tuxedo and shoes, with a white button-up shirt and a black bow tie. His stormy, grey eyes made everything come together. "Wow guys, you both look amazing." Gale said, gaping at his two gorgeous best friends. "You look really good too Gale." Glimmer said, smiling. "Yeah, none too shabby." Katniss said laughing. As they were all ready, a silver/grey colored car parked outside the Everdeen house. Rose got in first, then Katniss, Prim and Glimmer got in the car. Gale said he'd catch up to us and by the time we got to the church, he was already there helping us get out of the car. Glimmer took his left arm and Katniss his right. The three walked into the church looking fabulous in their sliver dresses and black tuxedo. The ceremony began, and concluded in the matter of an hour. They all clapped and cheered, and got into the three cars parked outside. Prim with her two best friends, Rory and Vick Hawthorne (in this story, Rory and Vick are twins and are Prim's age). In the other car, were Glimmer, Katniss and Gale and in the last car were Rose and Peter Crum. Being too distracted to notice, the drivers were taking them all to a gigantic, four story high house, with a green, perfectly mowed lawn in the front, a big and lush apple tree to the left of the house with a white bench underneath. The house was completely white with grey shades. The house was basically in the middle of nowhere, the nearest house was a quarter of a mile away. When they went in the house, everything was in silver, black and white. It was perfect for Katniss' taste, to the left, it had a big, fancy living room with two white couches with black trim and two plush black armchairs with white trim, as well as a glass coffee table on a sliver support and a fireplace. Everything was in white carpeting and white wood floors. To the right, there was a dining room with a white, polished wood table and white, plush chairs with silver legs and black trim. The walls inside were made of glass, separating the living room and the dining room. There was a door at the back of the room made of white wood and silver handle. There was marvelous white and silver kitchen. Then back at the dining room she walked through a pair of white double doors with silver doorknobs and she saw a gigantic white marble staircase with silver intricate patterns on the railings. As