Acknowledgements: S, who read this first in spite of her workload. Thank you for believing in me always. My muse, who has violated our agreement to let me endure the semester without words (but because you keep me sane, I forgive you). Notes: This takes place after As the Sky , but it is NOT necessary to have read it to get this. To catch you up if you haven't read AtS, the gist is that Effie and a TV crew went to District Twelve to film a documentary on its recovery, it was a success, and thereafter, Effie stayed with Haymitch. Furthermore, because I'm busy (and often very tired), updates will be few and far between at best, for which I apologize deeply (and will probably continue apologizing every update). That said, I hope you enjoy this! Feedback is always appreciated, especially if you have suggestions on how I can improve. :D Early in the morning, Effie heads down the stairs of Haymitch's house in Victors Village, hiding a yawn behind her hand. The sun has only just begun to peek out over the horizon, painting the tops of the trees and houses a pale gold. The light filtering in through the curtains and windows is not yet enough to light the house's interior, but Effie makes the walk to the kitchen in the shadows, the prospect of greeting the morning bringing a small smile to her face. She doesn't bother with the lights, goes instead to start some water boiling and sit at the counter to stare out the window at the waking world. It's mid fall, but there has been a warm spell for the past day or two, and they have been keeping a few windows open to help cool the house. This morning, it is chilly, just the way Effie likes it. She tugs her robe tight about her and listens for the geese, for the larks and wrens, their familiar songs the only sounds to allay the dread that is twisting her stomach into knots. "It's silly," she had told Haymitch the day before. "After everything that's happened, that something as simple as this scares me so much is—well, it's silly." Haymitch had shrugged and said, "For what it's worth, I'm damn near terrified." "You aren't even the one who has to face this," she had said, shaking her head. "I don't know what I'll do." "You'll deal with it," he had stated, as if it were the simplest and best advice in the world. "It'll be fine. It's like you said, you've dealt with far worse. You can do this." As she listens to the birdsong starting in earnest outside, Effie hopes that he's right. The sound of heavy footsteps on the stairs draws her from her thoughts; within moments, Haymitch shuffles into the kitchen, heading for the stove. "I'll get it," she says, standing. "You're not awake enough to make coffee. You'll spill it everywhere." He gets the tin of ground coffee out of the cupboards anyway, surprisingly coordinated for someone who looks as though he could sleep for another five hours. "Consider it my gift to you," he tells her, reaching for their usual mugs. "You know, in solidarity." Effie shakes her head, smiling, and goes to help him. "I appreciate it." She spares a moment to brush some hair out of his eyes, then gets the sugar and some spoons. Between the two of them, they're done within minutes, going to sit at the table with their steaming mugs. Effie grips hers tightly, afraid to drop it as she remembers today's task, and shudders, the strength draining from her momentarily. "You look paler than normal," Haymitch remarks. "It's just nerves," she says, shrugging. She takes a sip of coffee, but he is too perceptive despite his grogginess, and he sees the quick, tight grin she gives in the second before her mug touches her lips. She feels his eyes on her, sees him, out of the corner of her eye, frowning as he watches her. "You're really that upset?" he half asks, half states. When she shrugs again, he says, "It's just your mother, Eff." "You don't know her," she says at once. "All that I used to be—the timetables, the proper behavior, the sense of fashion— don't laugh! —I learned all of that from her. And she's always been more of all of that than I have been. Which reminds me: I don't know what to wear!" "Didn't you pick something out a few days ago?" His reaches for the long sleeve of her robe, lifting it at the end as if it will reveal another article of clothing underneath. "Red? Orange? Something garish." " Vermilion ," she corrects, pulling her arm back. "But I don't know anymore. It's a good color for the fall, but—" For a moment, she lets the sentence hang, mentally going through her wardrobe. It is smaller than it used to be, and more subdued as well, but still colorful, still her. The vermilion dress she had settled on has puffy sleeves and layered skirts, but it had felt more and more wrong the more she looked at it. She had left it ready to put on today, but she has been unconvinced of her choice since at least the night before. Sighing, she sets her mug down on the table. "And that's without thinking about what to do with my hair. Which color wig? Or maybe I should go with a scarf?" "Just wear your real hair out." She gasps, nearly knocking over her mug in her haste to bring a hand to her heart. "Are you serious ?" "Yes." He shrugs, taking a sip of his coffee, completely unaware of the audacity of his suggestion. "I can't do that," she huffs, placing her hands one over the other on the table. Does he not understand, after all this time, that her hair is the one part of herself she has kept absolutely sacred for as long as she has been able? Growing it back since the rebellion has only made it more so, and even moving here for good hasn't changed that. Aside from Katniss seeing it on the morning she went to talk Effie out from within the shadows of a vivid nightmare, she has only allowed Haymitch to see her head uncovered, and she has not even considered making another exception for anyone. "Why not?" he asks. "She's your mother. It's not like she hasn't seen it before." "She hasn't seen it in… goodness, ten, fifteen years? I can't even remember the last time." "So she's long overdue a look at it, isn't she?" "That isn't the point." She presses her lips together, frowning at her mug, as if in it she'll find the words for what she cannot express. "It's as if… Well, you don't walk out into the world showing everyone your scars, do you?" "That's because normal clothes cover them." "But if they didn't, you still wouldn't, would you? You wouldn't just go outside naked." "No," he says, "and fuck anyone who'd think of nudity as a fashion statement." "Exactly." She sighs. "Obviously it isn't the same. Going out without covering my hair doesn't constitute nudity, but—" Frowning, she meets his gaze, the steadiness of his stare a comfort she cannot, in this moment, be without. "I was taught growing up that a person's worth was measured by how they could afford to dress. A person's body was a canvas, and we were all walking works of art as long as we were on trend. Being in any way natural was unthinkable. It was base. Ugly." The last word comes out in a whisper, the old stigma suddenly fresh in her mind. As she is right now, with her hair tied back and no make-up on her face, she is hideous by the standards which ruled her old life. Sometimes when she looks in the mirror in the morning, she is back in that world, and she wants to cover her face thrice over with make-up and wear the brightest wig she owns. Without those things, she isn't worth half a glance. "My mother taught me how to make myself beautiful," she says softly. "I don't want to disappoint her." Sighing, Haymitch sets down his mug. "Somehow, I don't think she'll be that upset with you if you aren't covered with glitter. I think she's plenty happy with the fact that you're alive." "That's not good enough." She shuts her eyes. "It's been well over a year now." "Why do you think she's even coming here?" "I'm sorry?" He holds her gaze for a moment when she looks at him again, then repeats slowly, "Why do you think she's even coming here?" "To check up on me," Effie answers, frowning. "To see you," he adds, nodding. "To see how you are." "Yes." She waits a moment, but he merely nods. "I'm afraid I'm missing your point." "She's coming here , to the district you and everyone else thought was so miserable. She's putting aside what she believes about this place, all because she wants to see you. She could've asked you to go visit her, but she didn't. She's making the trip. She's facing whatever fears she has about Twelve." He arches his eyebrows, staring straight at her, and as his words hit their mark, she gazes down at her hands. When she had spoken with her mother on the phone last week, Effie had been too busy processing the news of her visit to even begin to understand the why of it, and she had forsaken reason, thinking instead of how it used to be. In those days, her mother would not have let Effie get away so easily with smearing the family name thus, and the visit would have been to offer her prodigal daughter one last chance to come home and rectify her mistakes. She could not force Effie to do things now, nor could she have then, but the reproach would still have been delivered, the shame shifted fully onto Effie's shoulders to bear for the rest of her life and perhaps after, if her transgression became cautionary tale. Effie had regressed since that phone call, becoming defensive when the topic came up, spending more time in the bathroom every morning and enumerating the long list of her imperfections, classifying in her mind the additions to them from her time in captivity. Old habits crept up so easily when something potentially threatening appeared. "That's very sensible," she says, but she isn't yet sure she believes it. She has never known anyone from her old home to be so willing to understand an outside point of view. "Do what you want," he tells her, leaning back in his chair. "Don't wear that vermilion dress, though. It's ugly." "You say that about all my dresses," she says, a hushed chuckle taking with it some of the tension in her frame. There is a lightness in the air now, and as the morning light brightens the kitchen, he rests his hand upon her forearm, she begins to feel brave. Some three hours later, the passenger train makes its stop at Twelve, and Mitrodora Trinket calls from the station to announce her arrival. "Give me half an hour, my dear, then come meet me at the town square," she says, her voice lilting and warping with the accent of the Capitol's upper classes. Effie imitates it unconsciously, her former speech patterns coming to her with surprising ease. "Yes, of course. I'll see you shortly." When Effie hangs up, Haymitch grimaces at her from where he is scrubbing away at the frying pan. She heads for the bathroom without a word, avoiding meeting her own gaze as she brushes on a thin layer of eye shadow. After an hour of agonizing over what to wear, she had settled on a compromise: one of the subtler dresses she owns