As with every story, there is more than one point of view. To begin this next chapter in the story of Hermione and Killian, we will take a step back, reliving events that have already occurred, and others that were not referenced, through the eyes of Killian. Please bear with me during these first few chapters, as I know flashbacks can often be a bit of a proverbial drag. But I promise they are important, else I would not have included them. But I digress ... Enjoy ... hopefully ... - Chapter One - The Reluctant Slytherin - Part I " Slytherin !" the Sorting Hat announced in its coarse and raspy voice. The table filled with students draped in silver and green erupted with applause. Contrary to the jubilation on display within his new House, Killian's heart dove into the pit of his stomach. Don't think anything . He remembered his sister's warnings about the Sorting Hat's ability to read minds, as well as it relishing in spilling private thoughts before the entire student body. It was difficult, but the young first year buried his thoughts. Either that, or the Sorting Hat was taking pity on the crushed soul who made his way to his assigned House table. Not Slytherin , Killian finally allowed himself to think as the Sorting Hat was placed on the anxious head of another first year. Ravenclaw … It was supposed to be Ravenclaw . Ignoring the warm welcome he received from his new housemates, Killian sat down at the table, staring across at his sister, a seventh year Ravenclaw, who returned a sympathetic smile. His sister was a Ravenclaw, his father was a Ravenclaw, his mother, grandparents, generations of Finns … All Ravenclaw. What would his father say? He did not dare imagine the disappointment. Killian had been awaiting the Sorting Ceremony with such eagerness and anticipation. Now, those feelings were gone, replaced by the cold sensations of emptiness and isolation. He barely heard the boisterous cheers echoing throughout the Great Hall. He did not share in the excitement of the students as they discovered what House they would call home for the next seven years. All he could hear was Slytherin repeating over and over in his head. In that fraction of a moment, his life changed forever. . . . Several weeks passed, and Killian found himself in self-inflicted exile from the other students. He had no desire to associate with the Slytherins, and Slytherins, as a whole, had little association with anyone outside their House. The only company he kept was with his sister, who, being a seventh year, had far better things to do than to loll about with her little brother. Still, she made efforts when she could. Killian could not expect much more than that. After classes ended one Friday afternoon in the early fall, Killian made his way to Professor Dumbledore's office. He did not know where else to go. Dumbledore was the Headmaster at Hogwarts, and being so, seemed to be the logical choice. After all, if students could not go to their Headmaster, where could they go? For the better part of a half-hour Killian poured his misery out upon the silver-haired sorcerer. During this time, Dumbledore made no attempt to interrupt, simply allowing the frustrated boy to vent. Even in his current state, Killian felt a sense of comfort in Dumbledore's presence. There was something within the old wizard's mannerisms that put a person at ease. He could not put it into words, but it was clearly far different than being in the presence of his father. After Killian's tongue had run dry, and almost as if on cue, a knock resonated from the office door. A moment later, Professor Snape entered, his customary scowl firmly in place, his hands crossed in front. The Potions master's eyes met Killian's for a brief moment before redirecting towards Dumbledore. "You sent for me, Headmaster?" he asked. Killian looked at Dumbledore quizzically. He had not noticed Dumbledore move from his decorative chair since he entered the office. Then again, Professor Dumbledore no doubt had many rather indistinguishable manners in which to convey messages. "Ah, Professor Snape," Dumbledore greeted as he stood and crossed the room. "I believe you are familiar with Mr. Finn, one of your students." "Yes," Snape answered, his tone short and to the point. "Yes indeed." Dumbledore smiled, glancing at Killian, who had grown a bit fearful since Snape's arrival. "Well, it appears that Mr. Finn is a having a bit of a dilemma of sorts." "How so?" Snape asked, as short and to the point as before. "The boy seems to be troubled by his House assignment," Dumbledore explained. "He feels isolated and out of place, believing all Slytherins to be … How was it?" he asked contemplatively. "Ah, yes … Mindless gits , I believe." Killian's blood ran cold as Professor Snape's dilated pupils glared at him from across the office. The young student wished for nothing more than to find a dark corner to in which to disappear. "Whatever truths may lie in his assumptions aside," Dumbledore went on as Snape redirected his glare upon the flighty headmaster, "I thought it best that you were involved in the conversation, being a Slytherin yourself, as well as the current Head of House." "And what, exactly, would you request of me?" Snape asked drolly. "Insight, perhaps," Dumbledore offered. "You've, no doubt, had an opportunity to observe Mr. Finn over the past few weeks. What is your opinion of the boy?" Professor Dumbledore glanced back at Killian again with a comforting smile. It afforded the boy little assurance, however. Killian felt as if he were some form of captive animal, being observed and analyzed through a wall of glass. He actually longed for such a separation at the moment. A wall of glass would at least act as some form of barrier between himself and Professor Snape. "He appears to be much like his sister," Snape rattled off, his face withdrawn and expressionless. "Acute skills and promising potential. He has ambition , though he refuses to accept it. He also possesses a desire for perfection , a desire currently clouded by his childish wants for security and familiarity ." "Disregarding the childish wants , as you say," Dumbledore dismissed with a nod, "it sounds as though Mr. Finn has the tools necessary to develop into quite a young wizard, Slytherin or otherwise, no?" "Clearly," Snape answered, returning to his pointed tone. "If he remains focused ." "But I'm not a Slytherin!" Killian cried out before he could stop himself. "I can't be! We've always been Ravenclaws! Ever since we came here! I have to be a Ravenclaw!" "Perhaps," Dumbledore suggested in a soothing tenor, "you were meant to carve your own path." Killian did not respond. He heard Professor Dumbledore's words, but could not absorb them. His passions were flowing uncontrolled, clouding his thoughts and distracting his reason. "Now, it is entirely possible, with Professor Snape's permission, of course, for you to be dismissed from the Slytherin House and placed where you believe you belong," Dumbledore explained as he walked over to Killian, now hunched down in his chair with his head down and eyes up. "However, it is my belief that you were placed in the Slytherin House for a reason. The Sorting Hat was created by the four founding members of this fine institution, and they were very wise indeed. You may not see it now, but I believe that one day you may understand why you were sorted as you were. The decision, however, remains up to you," he added with a tone of finality. "Do you stay and challenge your boundaries, or do you step back and reside within your area of comfort?" Killian's head was swimming. It was so much to process. Professor Snape was right. He did have ambition; he did desire for perfection. But he also desired to belong. He felt so alone at Hogwarts. It was not terribly different than his life at home. Identical, in fact, might have been a better description. However, Killian was hoping that when he attended school he would be able to escape the forlorn feeling of solitude he had grown up with in a life bridging two worlds, but never truly belonging to either. Setting all that aside, however, Professor Dumbledore had issued a challenge. If Killian had a weakness, it was the inability to back down from such a thing. He blamed his sister for this trait, as he had clearly learned it from her. Regardless of anything he was feeling, he could not possibly ask to be transferred. It would be a sign of weakness, and Killian would not allow himself that. He was ashamed that he had allowed himself to sink as far as he had. "Incidentally," Dumbledore said, "and you may take this however you wish, I have known Professor Snape for many years, and I can assure you that he is neither mindless nor a git … Most of the time," he added with a wink as Snape sighed and rolled his eyes dismissively. "My boy, you must understand that one's path in life is dictated by their person, not their House. Would you not agree, Severus ?" Professor Snape narrowed his eyes. It appeared the Potions master was caught off guard by the comment. However, whatever message was hidden within Professor Dumbledore words, it was lost on Killian. "So," Dumbledore asked with a smile. "What path do you choose?" A knot arose in Killian's throat. He knew what he wanted to say. He could hear the words in his head. I'm a Ravenclaw … Please let me be a Ravenclaw … "I'll stay," he answered in complete contraction to his desires. The challenge had been issued; he could not back down. "Wonderful," Dumbledore celebrated with a theatric wave of his arm. "What do you say to that, Professor Snape?" "Thrilling," Snape drawled. "It is settled then," Dumbledore concluded abruptly. "Mr. Finn, would you mind excusing us? I should like a word with Professor Snape in private." The question was rhetorical, of course. But, as always, Professor Dumbledore held fast to his practice of asking in place of ordering. "Yes, Professor," Killian answered weakly as he got up from his chair and maneuvered past Professor Snape, who gave no ground to make the path more accessible. Before exiting, Killian turned back toward Dumbledore. "Thank you, Professor," he said, the slightest hint of a devilish grin curving up in the corner of his mouth. "Pay it no mind," Dumbledore assured before dismissing Killian with a wave of his hand. Once Killian was outside the office, the door closed with a metallic clank. Before he made his way down the spiraling stairway, however, Killian heard Dumbledore's muffled voice through the heavy wooden door. "The boy may need a guiding hand, Severus," he said. "Figured that out on your own, did you?" Snape retorted sarcastically. "You are ever brilliant." "Keep a watchful eye," Dumbledore went on. "We do not want to lose him." The muffled voices faded as Professor Dumbledore and Professor Snape seemed to move further from the door to continue their conversation. With nothing left to hear, Killian made his way back towards the dungeons, the first airs of confidence beginning to cultivate within him. Forget his House, he would be great. He would not settle for less. - Year Two - "Welcome to the House," Killian greeted with a grin as he sat in a large leather couch in the Slytherin common room. "Big surprise for you, I'm sure." "Never saw it coming," Draco assured with a sarcastic smirk. "Didn't see you at the Sorting Ceremony." "I'm sure that shocked you as well," Killian said, adjusting his position as he reached for his copy of Distinguishing Dark Arts that was sitting on the end table beside the couch. "You know I'm not one for