A/N: Characters are based on the Twilight Series by Stephanie Meyer. This is my first entry on fanfiction, I hope you enjoy it. Feedback is welcome. Chapter 1 - EPOV Smile. Breathe. Shake his hand. Smile. Breathe. Shake his hand, take hers, raise it and nod. I kept repeating the steps of greeting etiquette in my head as we walked through the hotel foyer. It was common place for a business man of my calibre to be invited to these fucking fundraiser events but I hated every one of them. I was expected to attend at least a couple each year and this one would fill my annual quota. I could then go back to being my solitary self. I preferred to stay out of the spotlight, my wife on the other hand, loved the attention. I looked to my left to see my socialite wife hanging off my arm. Her dress was inappropriate for the black tie affair, it was bright and short, showing much of her and little class. Her fake smile widened flirtatiously, as we entered the banquet hall, and the male usher handed her a program for tonight's event. It wasn't unlike her to find him later for a tryst in the coat room. I think she took inventory, whenever we attended these things together, of the men and the available rooms. There was no love lost between us. We were, more or less, an arranged marriage. There was no actual contract or dowry that I'm aware of, but our marriage was assumed and inevitable. Our fathers shared a medical practice and were long time friends. Naturally, all the kids were thrown together on a regular basis. Jane, my wife, was the youngest child and only daughter of Aro and Irina Volturi. She was closer to my age than to Emmett's, the lucky bastard, and the rest is history. I found our table and dragged Jane in that direction. A few more hand shakes and polite nods and we were ready to join my family. I pulled out a chair for Jane and she plopped herself down under the strong hold of my hand, though I made sure it looked like my hand was simply resting on her shoulder. She was as high as a kite and I had to try and keep her under control. Before we stepped out of the car I insisted she put some shit in her eyes to clear the redness but her demeanour wasn't as easy to hide. In my business, appearance was everything. Jane, more than anything else, was an embarrassment to me and to our families. The child, so highly regarded by her parents, was proving to be the epitome of their demise. Carlisle was well respected in Boston's medical community and was revered by many, from blue collar to the wealthiest residents. Aro clung tightly on his shirt tail. His own medical accomplishments were lacking but out of respect for Carlisle, most people tolerated his company. I'm not sure why Carlisle stayed close to Aro but I never cared enough to inquire. Jane, being the ever present social figure, was popular with the tabloids and always made great headlines, which is why I kept a low profile. Her antics were jeopardizing the little respect people had for her family. I hated being tied to her by marriage but my reputation stood on its own and as long as some eager photographer didn't snap a rare shot of us actually together, most people seemed to forget we were married. Fortunately, she didn't take my name, a little underhanded manipulation on my part, so it was easy for people to forget her Cullen ties. She dropped out of college after we got married and never worked a day in her life. I gave her a modest allowance, she was my wife, but most of her money was still provided by Aro. Aside from my family's wealth, I knew where I was headed financially in life, and insisted on a pre-nup. Jane was never my choice as a bride and I made sure to cover my ass in the unexpected dissolution of our marriage. I never wanted to marry period. The love bullshit was overrated if you ask me. A good fuck when needed was sufficient. My parents, the happily married Carlisle and Esme Cullen, were under a different impression. Everyone at the table just stared at Jane. When I sat down their eyes turned on me but before anyone had a chance to speak, dinner was served. The conversations started after the server walked away. Carlisle talked across the table to Emmett and Jasper, mostly casual business talk. Esme, Alice and Rosalie were discussing the rooms' décor and critiquing the first course. The way they spoke you'd think they were fucking food critics. I should be grateful they weren't asking me about Jane's current condition. I didn't discuss my marriage with my family. As far as they were concerned everything was great. Jane and I only came out in public, together, when absolutely necessary. Family events were hit or miss, sometimes we'd attend together but mostly Jane went to her family's stuff and I to mine, alone, making up some plausible excuse as to why the other couldn't attend. The only hiccup in all of it was the fact that Jane's life was public property. I knew Esme wouldn't read trash newspapers but I wondered sometimes if Alice or Rosalie ever caught sight of one of Jane's covers. The Volturi's certainly would never bring it to their attention, though they read every word. I really didn't care what they saw or knew. I wasn't the fucking problem. The last course had been cleared and the dessert was being passed out when the speeches began. This fundraiser was for underprivileged children in the inner city. A cause, near and dear, to Emmett and Rosalie. They had met in college and were business partners, with benefits, opening multiple youth recreation centres throughout Massachusetts. They used profits from the more profitable centres in well to do neighbourhoods to fund the centres in poorer neighbourhoods. I was proud of my brother though I'd never say it to his face. He found a way to amalgamate his love of athletics with his impressive knowledge of business. Of course, Rosalie helped but it was ultimately Emmett's dream. Business was my affair. I earned my MBA from Harvard then graduated from Yale Law. There was nothing, or no one, that could hinder my rise to the top. At 23, I started my own business and by the time I graduated from Yale, Cullen Industries was a multi-million dollar company. I helped Emmett with some of the initial setup but he ran his own show and was doing well. This, of all the fundraiser type things, was the most boring, one of the reasons I chose this event to attend with my dearest. It didn't present much opportunity for Jane to create a scene. There was no silent auction, no themed gimmick. Old men and women stood in front of the podium listing off the benefits of helping the poor children. A few success stories were paraded around the stage and given a chance to tell their sad story and everyone would applaud. By the end of the night, we were expected to take out our check books and write out a fat donation in support while more old people walked around with wicker baskets to collect. I donated to everything, whether I attended the functions or not. The tax exemptions were incomparable. Personally, I would have preferred to simply right a cheque to Emmett. As far as I could see, his centres were the best thing those kids ever had. The centres started with localized sports but evolved into much more. They offered tutoring, music lessons, food, clothing and at times, shelter. Jane had kept quiet throughout the evening but I lost her on the way out. I wasn't sure how she got away from me but one minute I was holding her hand, not the term of endearment you might think, and the next she was gone. I quickly scanned the crowd, with her gown she should have stood out like a sore thumb, but I couldn't find her. After a few minutes I said fuck it and headed towards the door and the valet kiosk. "Good night, Edward." Alice reached up and kissed my cheek, as we waited for the valets to return with our cars. "Good night, Alice," I replied bending down just a little to lessen her stretch. "Jasper." I nodded my sentiment as their car arrived. Jane wasn't the only one I had lost. I hadn't seen my parents or Emmett since I left the table. They still hadn't come to the valet kiosk by the time my car arrived. I gave a quick glance through the crowd as I rounded the car but they were no where in sight. I got in the car and drove off. The next morning I rolled over in bed to find Jane's space empty. I wasn't surprised. I proceeded with my usual morning routine and drove into work. When Jane first started disappearing I did worry but that was a long time ago. I didn't worry about her like a husband worried about his wife but I had known her a long time and wondered if she was in a morgue somewhere. The morning went by quickly. I had a meeting scheduled over lunch. I was in the process of acquiring a local television station and I was meeting with the current owner to iron out the details. That's what I did. I acquired shit. Back in the day, I would be called a corporate raider. That term was antiquated now but basically that's what I did. I bought company's when they were about to go under, for next to nothing, and then broke them up and sold off the pieces at a profit. When I started the company I relied heavily on investors. Even then, at my young age I was considered charming. I could talk the skirt off a nun, if you know what I mean, so talking men out of their money wasn't that much of a stretch. Now, the money I used was all mine. I was packing my briefcase when my phone beeped, alerting me to Gianna's call. I picked up the receiver, "Yes Gianna?" "Sir, your lunch meeting is in half an hour." "Yes, I'm preparing to leave now." I was ready to hang up when Gianna started with something else. "Sir, you have a call on line one. It's Mrs. Cullen and a call on line two from Ms. Denali." Gianna always referred to Jane as Mrs. Cullen and Esme was 'your mother', without another word I dropped Gianna and picked up the call on line two. "Well, to what do I owe this pleasure?" I asked, straightening my tie. "Edward," Ms Denali whispered my name, "I'm very, very hot." She spoke slowly, emphasizing the h of hot. "Hmmm, I like the way that sounds." I returned sounding just as seductive. I cleared my throat and spoke in normal tone again. "Tonya, I have a lunch meeting. Can I drop by around 1:30?" "Edward," she whined. Quickly she changed her tone. I guess she remembered whining was one of my least favourite female qualities. "Yeah, that's fine." Tonya Denali was one of my fuck buddies, why mince words? We used each other for sex and nothing more. It was a good relationship, there was no expectation other than a clean bill of health and we were tested regularly. Like me, Tonya was devoted to her profession and didn't have time for relationships. We'd known each other for years. I dated her sister, Kate, in college but there was never anything between us until we reconnected about three years ago. Her company moved her to Boston and she