Peeta closed the bakery at two o'clock and walked along the neighborhood streets toward the center of town, enjoying the crisp fall air and bright red and orange leaves. Narrow brick houses crowded together in rows, every one just a little bit different. Crookedly carved pumpkins decorated stoops here and there, lacy curtains hung in a window, a flag flapped in the wind. The streets were crowded with people, even though it was a weekday afternoon. Teenagers and elderly couples, moms with strollers and businessmen in suits were all making their way downtown to the farmer's market. The crowds shifted aside and he saw her across the square. She was standing behind a table stacked with mason jars and small parcels, looking down at something. The sunlight gleamed off her brown hair, wisps of it escaping from her braid. He took a step closer without even thinking about it, and then stopped and stood in the middle of the crowd and watched her from a distance. She looked up and met his eyes, and her face lit up with a broad smile that was just for him. His entire body felt warm at the sight. The crowds fell away as he drew closer, ignoring every other person. Then he was beside her, and he cupped her face in both hands and pressed a long, gentle kiss to her lips, pouring out all the love and longing he'd built up over the years. Her lips were warm and soft, and her skin felt smooth against his palms. She sighed into his mouth, wrapped her arms around his chest, and returned the kiss with all the passion and determination- Someone bumped into his shoulder, interrupting his fantasy. "Sorry," they muttered. Katniss was still standing at her table across the square, making change for a customer. She hadn't even seen him. Probably she had never noticed him, not once in the two decades since he'd fallen in love with her in kindergarten. He was nobody and nothing to Katniss, not remotely good enough for her. His mother's voice in his head said waste of space, useless, unwanted . He bought some apples and walked back to the bakery. It was dark and quiet inside. He unlocked the door and flipped the sign over to OPEN , but no one came in. Peeta pulled the apples out of his bag and rinsed them in the sink, working quickly and methodically. His wrist flexed and the knife flashed, and the pieces fell in perfect rows on the cutting board. The thump of the knife and the crunch of the apples were the only sounds in the kitchen, and they echoed off the peeling walls. His hands were coated in a fine paste of juice, flour and cinnamon when a jangling ring interrupted the silence. Peeta looked around for a moment, trying to remember where the phone actually was, before locating it on the side wall. The place had been open for nearly six months now, and still the phone hardly ever rang. "Mellark's Bakery," he said, balancing the receiver against his shoulder as he wiped his hands on a towel. He should have been annoyed at the interruption, but there was nothing to interrupt. The bakery had exactly six customers today, a slow day even for him. And this afternoon, he might as well have stayed closed. All around the city, people were taking their coffee breaks, settling in with their newspapers and laptops, picking up bread on the way home, but all of that happened somewhere else. "Peeta Mellark?" a woman's voice trilled over the line. "Yes?" he asked. She introduced herself as Effie Trinket, and the name was so ridiculous that he had to smile a little. Then she started talking, and he stopped laughing. "You've been selected for an exciting new television program called Farm to Table ," she said, sounding positively thrilled at the news. "Our celebrity chefs will mentor struggling restaurants and work with them to turn their businesses around!" Struggling . The word took Peeta by surprise for a moment, though only because it was so accurate. Reality TV? the voice in his head asked. So the entire country can see how you've failed, and laugh? He gritted his teeth. Yeah, it might be embarrassing, but it had to be better than just giving up. "Mister Mellark?" Effie Trinket asked. "Sure," he said, his voice cracking a little. "What the hell?" "I'll tell you what your problem is, kid." Peeta heard the voice before he saw his new mentor's face, but he'd watched enough reality TV to know Haymitch Abernathy immediately. "This is a goddamn terrible location." "I know," Peeta said, watching as Haymitch prowled around the front of the bakery, peering in the display case and reading his hand-drawn signs. "I can't afford the rent on a place downtown." Haymitch leveled a glare at him, but seemed to realize that relocation was a moot point and shrugged it off. "So aside from the admittedly shitty location, what's the problem here? What kinda mentoring you need?" Peeta bit back several rude responses to this question. Haymitch Abernathy might not be the most polite person or the most considerate, but he was a respected chef with several successful restaurants to his credit. He must have some useful advice, right? "The location's part of the bigger problem," Peeta admitted. "I need to attract customers, build up a clientele. People who come in say the food is great, but-" "But there just aren't enough of them," Haymitch finished for him, and Peeta nodded. "Good morning, Mr. Mellark," trilled Effie Trinket. "I hope you're ready for a big, big, big day!" Peeta had already been sitting in a chair being fussed over for a half hour, and he had more products in his hair than he'd ever even seen in one place. "Is this really necessary?" he asked, as the makeup artist dusted his cheeks with clouds of loose powder. "Absolutely essential," Effie assured him in her high-pitched voice. "Now, I believe you've already had your first mentoring session with Chef Abernathy?" Peeta didn't answer, mostly because he wasn't sure what to say. Haymitch had insulted his bakery, his intelligence, and his manhood - then scarfed down four cheese buns and took a half-dozen more for the road. Was that mentoring? She seemed to take his non-answer for agreement. "Excellent, so you're up to speed on our format and we can move on to-" "Ah, maybe you can go over the basics one more time? I might've missed some of the details." Or all of them. Effie seemed delighted to explain the show to him, despite thinking that Haymitch had already done so. "The format is similar to Chef Abernathy's previous show, Restaurant Disasters . He will visit the bakery and give you advice on how to improve your kitchen and dining areas, menu, and publicity. He can be a bit, ah, rough around the edges at times-" Effie paused and frowned over the top of her clipboard at Peeta, making sure he understood that Haymitch could be a drunk asshole. He shrugged, and she went on. "-Then we'll give the bakery a facelift and several brand new appliances courtesy of our sponsors." Peeta nodded. He'd seen Restaurant Disasters , and this sounded the same. "For this show," Effie went on, "you'll also be paired with a local farmer, and the new menu items will feature their products." This was new information, but it hardly mattered to Peeta. "That sounds like a good twist," he said. His mind was still stuck on the part where he'd get new appliances and advice from someone who'd actually run a successful restaurant. Not to mention the free publicity. If people saw his bakery on TV, they'd want to come in, right? "Oh yes, it's been wonderful visiting all the quaint little farms and seeing the orchards and so on," Effie said, beaming. "In our first episode we matched up a cheese maker with a pizzeria, and the next we had an apple grower and a pie baker." Peeta nodded, thinking of the apples he'd bought just the other day at the farmer's market, when he saw Katniss across the crowd. Locally grown apples or fresh cheese would be great, he could work with that. "So I'll be matched with..." "Why, here's our farmer now!" Effie exclaimed, and he turned around in the swiveling makeup chair. Katniss Everdeen was standing by the door, and Peeta had to struggle for breath. Like him, she was wearing far too much makeup, but she looked amazing anyway. Her dark, glossy hair fell past her shoulders in waves, and her skin seemed to glow in the harsh fluorescent lights. "Hi, Katniss," Peeta said, and they were the first words he'd spoken to her in years. At least, the first that happened in reality rather than fantasy. "Hi... Peeta," she said, looking at him curiously. "You two know each other, how wonderful!" Effie clapped her hands, as if she was overjoyed by this news. He knew Katniss because he'd been head over heels in love with her for basically his entire life, but he wasn't sure he wanted to advertise that pathetic fact on national television. "We went to school together," he said. Katniss said nothing, just stood near the door with a closed-off look on her face. "Oooh, our producer will absolutely love that!" Effie said. "Well, let's not dawdle, we have a lot to do today!" She led them down a narrow hallway to a television set with three plush armchairs. Peeta tried not to look at Katniss, but he couldn't help himself. When he glanced over at her, she looked quickly away. They settled into two of the armchairs, sitting still as the stylists fluttered around straightening their clothes and fluffing their hair. "How've you been, Katniss?" Peeta asked once they were alone, not quite looking at her face. "All right," she said, then lapsed back into silence. He looked down at his shoes, which still had a dusting of flour on them. "So you're a farmer now?" "Not... really." He looked up at her in surprise. "My sister and I- well, we have a garden, and I pick plants and things in the forest, and she makes soap and stuff like that." She looked embarrassed. "I sell it online, and at the farmer's market." "Soap?" he repeated, confused. How was he supposed to make anything with soap? She shrugged. "Well, I guess Haymitch thinks the herbs-" "Right," he said, nodding. He might not be any good with women, but he was great with bread. "I can make pretty damn good rosemary olive oil bread, if I do say so myself." Her smile seemed to fill the entire soundstage. "Why are you here, again?" Coming from anyone else, those words would've made Peeta think unwanted , but he'd already spent enough time around Haymitch to know that this was actually his version of nice. "Effie told me it was the producer's idea," Peeta said with a shrug. "I think he wants to play up the whole-" he motioned with his hand. "-old home thing." Effie's actual words had been let's show the viewers those happy, happy, happy childhoods , but Peeta thought they probably wouldn't find a lot of happy childhood memories back in Panem Township. Haymitch just huffed and reached into his jacket for a flask, tilting it back and draining it dry as they walked up the muddy dirt road that passed for a driveway to Katniss's house. The house itself was an old craftsman with peeling white paint and a wide porch. A couple of pots of bright red geraniums sat next to a porch swing, occupied by an enormous orange cat who glared at them with one eye. Behind him, Peeta could hear the director, Cressida, talking with the camera guy about shot angles and "rustic charm." But the house was really nothing, compared to