With paper in hand, I drag my feet down the hallway, the lighting dimmer than I would imagine in a facility such as this. I guess one benefit of 48 hour lock-up is that every other place looks that much better in comparison, no matter how dire your situation. My eyes dart back down to the typed letters: 10 AM Group Therapy - Suite 12 . I scan the signs posted at the corridor and find the location I'm seeking. Effie, our teen coordinator, is very strict with our schedule. I'm surprised they haven't found a way to have the whole day's routine etched onto our arms. But I know if I'm late, I'll definitely hear about it from her later at 3:00 Free Time/Meditation . Being my first day out of confinement, I know she'll be more tough on me; that's what I hear anyway. So with my sweaty palm reaching to grip the door labeled Suite 12 , I close my eyes and slowly exhale. I hear kids that come to these centers are rougher than those on the outside, but I'm here, and I'm pretty normal, right? Fuck, who am I kidding? I'm all kinds of screwed up. I've never hurt anybody though, not intentionally anyway. A sudden slam against my body confirms my fears, as a flurry of spiky red hair and thick eye makeup knocks me to the side. "Hey girl, don't just stand there. Make way for the rest of us!" She looks at me in what I can only imagine is disgust and mutters, "Brainless newbies," as she stalks to her seat. I stand still, unmoving, as others file in past me. Someone touches my hand, tries to grip it, but I slip it out quickly. I promised myself I wouldn't panic, repeating my mantra that I'm safe. The blonde girl stares at me empathetically. She smiles and reaches out again. "It's okay," she says, taking my hand gently. "You can sit next to me." I feel myself nod as my feet move my body along with her. We nestle into a small couch in front of the window. There are several mismatched sofas, bean bags, and chairs scattered around the periphery of the group room. I wouldn't have pictured it like this, decorated comfortably like home; I thought it would be more like a classroom with desks and chairs. The windows allow the sun to shine in, which is a welcome sight after 48 hours stuck inside. As the room fills with more kids, my new friend introduces herself. "Hi, I'm Madge. I'm sorry Johanna pushed you over like that." She continues in a more hushed voice. "She can be a bully to the new girls, but once you get to know her, you'll find she's a softy at heart." Madge has a pleasant look to her, and she seems kind of familiar to me. "You're Katniss Everdeen, right?" "Uh..." I stammer out the words. "Y-yes, I'm Katniss. Do we know each other?" Her smile is so full of teeth and her hair so perfectly coiffed that I honestly don't know how someone like Madge could end up in a place like this. She takes my hand again and tells me that we shared classes back in elementary school, but once her father became a member of the Panem City Council, he decided a private education was more fitting for her. I offer thanks and tell her how much I could use a friend here as I casually move my hand from hers and place it back on my lap. I try to disregard her look of disappointment as I shift my body away, leaning my elbow on the arm of the sofa and tucking my legs underneath me. It's a comfortable environment, but it reeks of positivity. Posters on the wall with affirmations to appreciate the bad days as well as the good. The glass is half full rather than half empty. Blah blah blah. All this shit they feed us to improve our sad, hopeless lives knowing full well that we'll continually try to rid ourselves of our existence. Or at least do something to help us forget. If only I could forget. I'm shaken out of my sullen state by the scratchy yet booming voice of our group leader. He says he's Mr. Abernathy but to call him Haymitch. He looks like he's been through the wringer a few times. Is this my future? Enough failed attempts at removing myself from this planet, and I get to be a babysitter for future generations of losers? I may as well end it now. But I can't forget about Prim. Each failed attempt brings with it a sense of relief because I honestly don't know what would happen to my sister if I died. She is the one thing I cling to when I spiral into that hopeless state. She's my only tether to this living world. When I do get a grain of hope, I realize that she only has a few more years until she's an adult, whereas I just have several months. We can be together sooner than I'd imagined. It's not as hopeless as I had once thought. With renewed determination, I listen intently to Haymitch as he explains the guidelines of group. Once he's reviewed basic human etiquette, we get to the most nerve-wracking part. "Some of you I've seen before, and some of you are new to this group. Let's take a moment to tell everyone your name and why you're here." My name is Katniss Everdeen. I'm seventeen years old. My father is dead. My mother is useless. My sister is separated from me and living with strangers. I've failed to kill myself twice. Nice to meet you. When it comes to me, I give the short version. "I'm Katniss. I swallowed a bottle of my anxiety meds and hoped to end it, but I woke up in the hospital and just got out of 48 hour hold." No gasps. No shock. Just nods and faces reflecting my despair. Madge reaches for my hand, squeezing it for support, I guess. I need to get used to her touchy feely behavior. A dark-skinned, short-haired linebacker-type guy sits next to us, taking up a whole couch. My other new "friend" Johanna is chomping and snapping her gum so loudly, I have trouble hearing what people are saying. Next to her is a guy of medium build, wearing a partially torn t-shirt that covers his broad chest and shoulders as well as a pair of worn-down jeans. He has a couple of tattoos and piercings that I can barely see as his ashy blond waves fall down over his forehead, hiding his eyes. His posture and hair are oddly familiar, but I can't seem to place him. I stop nibbling on my nails when Haymitch gets to him so I can listen more carefully. "Okay, Peeta. What's been on your mind today?" Peeta... Mellark? He looks up and focuses solely on Haymitch. They seem to have a rapport, but I'm transfixed by seeing the innocent young boy that I knew from elementary school transformed into... into what? An unhappy, helpless soul who turned to alcohol to numb his pain and was apparently arrested with a DUI and assault with a deadly weapon. "I hadn't realized how tough it would be on my own. But I couldn't live at home anymore, I just couldn't. So for the past two years, I've been making friends and crashing at their places until they kicked me out. My ex hooked me up with a fake ID, so I'd been hanging in bars for the last few months, and I got a taste for the stuff. I was so fucking drunk that night, I don't even remember putting a knife to that guy's throat or getting on that motorcycle." Peeta shakes his head and exhales loudly. "All I remember is waking up in jail. They had lots of witnesses though, so who was I to fight it—and with a rookie public defender? I'm just thankful he talked the judge down to mandatory rehab to avoid incarceration." Haymitch remains serious and asks him, "So what about the booze? Do you miss it?" "I'm just taking it one day at a time. Glad I got through the withdrawal, but the cravings are the worst. Eight days today," he says with a twinge of pride coloring his words. That's all I find out before he shuts down. When he glances up at the group, he turns toward Madge and me, and I'm sure I see a spark of recognition. But we're not met with a smile as he immediately lowers his shadowed eyes and stares at his knees once again. Peeta Mellark. His family operates their own business, Mellark's Bakery, which still stands in town and, from what I can tell, flourishes. I had no idea their youngest son was having so many problems. But how would I have known? I didn't see much of him after I was taken to the community home when I was thirteen. A smile tugs at my lips as I remember simple things about the Peeta I used to know. Before my dad died, we made regular trips to his family's bakery. I remember walking into the shop, the aromas of cinnamon, butter, and spices wafting into my nose, making my mouth water right on the spot. Peeta would often come up to greet us, even if he'd been in the back helping. He always made me feel welcome with his big cheesy grin, the one that was just wide enough to form a little dimple on his right cheek. And he always packed an extra cinnamon roll for me too, pretending that he was sneaking it in, even though I'd already seen his father nudge him in encouragement. I actually looked forward to our weekend trips to Mellark's. I find it strange that there are two people from my past here with me. I've been in my sad little world while they've been dealing with their own issues as well. How selfish I must have been to believe I was the only one affected by pain and loss. As the group comes to an end, Haymitch tells us to use our free time later to focus on our triggers, those things that cause us to feel the lowest, to act out and lose control. If I could determine that, I would be one step closer to self-realization, wouldn't I? I snicker at the thought and look to Madge. "What do you have next?" I ask, and she tells me she's heading outside for a recreation group. "I have Dr. Aurelius now," I reply to her unspoken question. "See you at lunch?" Her brightness returns, and she nods enthusiastically. "Yeah, I'll catch you then, Katniss." I know Dr. Aurelius. He saw me after my last attempt but didn't recommend intensive inpatient therapy. I guess since drugs weren't involved last time, they thought I was lower risk. So they hid the knives and watched me like a hawk, not letting me lead any kind of normal life for the last 18 months. It really didn't matter anyway. For the last two years, Prim and I had been living in entirely separate counties. I got to see her on visitation every other weekend, which kept me going, but phone calls were scarce, and I wasn't allowed a cell phone after my first attempt, so I've lead a pretty reclusive life up to now. My foster parents, the Crays, are good people for the most part, but the kids in the house have probably become too much for them to handle as they're getting older. I thought I had been doing a satisfactory job of feeding and raising Prim during my mother's mental absence, but it had become obvious that we'd been thinning out, and our clothes had become more tattered. I