"Christmas… is not an external event at all, but a piece of one's home that one carries in one's heart." - Freya Stark "To Peeta Mellark–the only one among us with a velvet tongue and a heart of gold!" Marvel's booming voice cheers as glasses clink in celebration of their big, big, big achievement earlier today. The buzz from the small group of advertising men and women catches on throughout the crowded bar. Christmas is just around the corner and any celebration, even that of a stranger, is meant to be acknowledged. So hoots, hollers, and high-fives are passed from one person to the next with no regard as to what they are celebrating. Peeta Mellark knows what the hubbub is about. His charming style and way with words, not to mention his refined artistic talent, got him what he'd always desired since graduating college. He'd finally earned his very own account with Trinket Cosmetics. The partners at Coin, Heavensbee, and Associates had been so pleased with his pitch that they allowed him to present to the CEO of the corporation, Effie Trinket herself. Captivated by his good looks and brilliant effort, Ms. Trinket signed with the agency insisting that Peeta be the senior executive of her account. He and his team of junior executives were told the news after lunch and couldn't wait to hit the city streets tonight in celebration. Delly Cartwright, Peeta's friend and associate, edges up to him, leaning closer so she may whisper loudly enough for him to hear her over the clamor. "You don't seem yourself, Peeta. I thought you'd be the happiest one here." Peeta rests his head thoughtfully against the bar post and turns to his dear friend. His smile is weak, but it's there. "I am happy about this, Delly. I just..." He looks down to the liquor in his hand and swirls it around before taking another swig. He exhales a hot breath and continues, "I just miss home sometimes." Delly's golden locks rest on his shoulder, and his head finds comfort on hers. "Aww, Peetie. I miss home sometimes, too. But we're in New Panem City, the most metropolitan place in Panem!" Her enthusiasm causes Peeta's grin to widen. "Think about it. Even well-to-do Capitol kids want to come here, go to college, and work in the big city." "Delly, how do you always find a way to cheer me up?" Peeta asks as he kisses her cheek lovingly. She gazes into his cornflower blue eyes, her hand smoothing his blond strands that aren't so well-styled on his head anymore. "Because we're best friends, and I love you." She kisses his nose. "Now, chin up! We didn't work so hard at NPU to be all sad and dreary over a multi-million dollar national account, did we?" He flicks his head so those renegade hairs move from his line of vision. His chest out and shoulders back, he beams at Delly. "You're right! We worked our butts off, and we deserve this time to shine, right?" "Right!" She agrees and pulls him by the hand to join their friends at the center of the commotion. Delly knows that even though she and Peeta grew up in the same part of town in District 12, they still came from much different families. She never wanted for anything growing up except for true friends. She knew that Peeta had to work hard for his family and was often treated roughly. So when she had planned to apply to New Panem University, she brought another application and a scholarship form to Peeta. She had desperately hoped that she would not only have a friend accompany her to the big city but possibly provide an escape and a new opportunity for one of her favorite people from home. Her dream came true when Peeta turned in the forms "just to see," and not only did he get accepted, but he received an academic scholarship as well. His major was in graphic art and hers was in marketing. As luck would have it, they ended up graduating the same year and earning internships at the same advertising agency on Madison Avenue. Everyone had always thought that Peeta and Delly were romantically involved since they were never apart. And if one asked Delly, one might see a glint of hope in her sky blue eyes, but she knew it would never be. They'd never talked about their feelings for one another, but Peeta had had many opportunities to advance their relationship. Delly figures if he really wanted her, he would have snatched her up already. She thinks wistfully of their closest encounter yet, which happened after their NPU graduation ceremony five years had both been drinking with their friends and took a cab to Delly's apartment because she lived closer. She remembers his slurred words of appreciation and his hands finding parts of her body she never thought would be touched by a man, let alone Peeta. She remembers sloppy kisses filled with the aroma of beer and his body pushing against her. Her memory goes black after that, and she only recalls the awkward morning after when they both woke up on the living room floor, hair tousled, clothes partially removed, and the worst hangovers in history. Peeta has not spoken of that night since, and Delly is too embarrassed to bring it up. They've remained intimately close since but have never crossed those boundaries again. She looks over to him and smiles brightly as she notices him finally partying. Drink in hand, tie loosened, he's singing some pub song with the guys and having a grand time. Delly wants him to enjoy this night and knows it will only get worse for her if she hangs around. She knows what's coming. He's a man, and he's getting drunk. The last thing she wants to witness is Peeta picking up his flavor of the night. She's seen it too many times before, and as much as she wants him to be happy, her stomach goes sour at the thought of him with some stranger. She bids goodnight to some of their friends but avoids Peeta, knowing he'll beg her to stay. And when he begs–well, Delly is strong-willed, but he's her weakness. So with a final glance at the new senior executive of the Trinket Cosmetics account, she exits the bar. The chilly air whips around her. She senses winter approaching while gazing at the trees, all missing their leaves but festively adorned with white twinkly lights for the holidays. She hears a beautiful song that reminds her of home, one they would only sing at Christmas time. The singer is a young woman with dark hair flowing from her wool hat. She has such a familiar voice, but Delly can't place it. She tosses a five dollar bill in her guitar case and says, "Thank you for that lovely song." The street performer smiles and breaks from her song quickly to return the thanks. Delly, all bundled up save for her eyes, mouth, and nose peering from the hood of her coat, takes a second look at the songstress. She sits on a crate, legs crossed, and holds a guitar on her lap. She seems so familiar, but Delly can't place where she might have seen her. There are so many buskers in New Panem City that she determines she must recognize her from the streets. Satisfied with her assumption, Delly flags down a cab to escape the cold. Peeta, unaware his friend has left, looks throughout the crowd to find Delly. He wobbles slightly but is able to maintain his balance while he scans the room. He passes over several blondes, all being ruled out as he moves onto the next. One of the girls catches his immediate attention, however. She's statuesque, possibly a model, but he's never seen her in their agency. Her hair flows like flaxen silk down her back and stops just at the curve above her bottom. Her eyes focus directly on Peeta. She smiles as she turns from her conversation and walks toward him. "Not sure if you found who you were looking for, but she must be a lucky lady." Peeta smiles shyly, looking around the bar nervously. "No, no, couldn't find her. She must have left early and slipped out knowing I'd want her to stay." The blonde sidles up to him, wrapping her arm around his waist, and whispers in his ear, "Not so lucky after all then, hmm?" He turns to her and laughs, his blue eyes sparkling with mischief. "I guess she missed out. I'm Peeta, by the way." He takes her free hand, dusting his lips on top. She giggles at his formal behavior. "I'm Glimmer, Glimmer Johansson. I just started interning last week at Coin, Heavensbee, so I've heard a lot about you." She takes the glass from his hand and sips from it coyly, peering at him as he watches her drink the amber fluid then set it down on the table. "Congratulations on your big coup today." "Thank you," he says coarsely as he draws her closer. "I'm not sure how it looks to have an ad exec fraternizing with an intern, but I'm sure there is something I might be able to teach you." Glimmer, enchanted with Peeta's good looks, charm, and high status at the agency, replies instantly, "I do need more administrative credit hours, so I'm all yours, and I won't tell a soul." "Let's get out of here," Peeta says, motioning the blonde toward the door. They pick up their coats, bundle up, and head out to the street. Peeta hears a familiar Christmas tune coming from the street performer outside the pub. He fishes in his wallet and drops a few bills in the open guitar case while humming the tune and smiling at his soon-to-be bed buddy. As he waits for the valet to hail him a cab, he realizes that he recognizes the busker's voice. Could it be her ? He's never heard another like it. It must be. Suddenly, his heart fills with memories of the girl with the braids running up to his family's bakery. The same pretty girl who had mesmerized him in school so long ago with her lilting voice that had caused everyone to pause and listen because of its beauty. "Katniss? Is that you?" he questions softly as he turns to focus on the mystery girl who's bundled up with so many layers that it's difficult to recognize her face. She doesn't answer him, just looks down and continues her song. He frowns, so hopeful it's her, but quickly jolts when the taxi blares its horn. He helps Glimmer into the cab then takes his seat, looking out the window as they drive off. But as luck would have it, a pedestrian causes the cab to stop unexpectedly, so Peeta glances back through the window. He sees her slate grey eyes staring right back at him, the twinkling lights from the trees causing them to brighten in the dim night. "It's got to be her," he says to himself and smiles, hoping she might recognize him, too. As the taxi speeds off, she continues playing her guitar as if she never saw the baker's boy from back home. Katniss Everdeen . Peeta lies in bed, her name echoing in his mind. Those eyes, how they shot through him as he sped off in the cab. She didn't speak, didn't show any sign of recognition. Is it possible she erased him from her memory? He understands the need to leave the past behind. Hell, that's the main reason he left District 12 with Delly to attend college so far from home. Peeta forgets the disappointments of childhood by throwing himself into his work; that's how he manages. Neither he nor Katniss had the easiest time growing up. Katniss left school early to take care of her deteriorating