Peeta worked most of the day to ready the house for their first anniversary dinner. Katniss isn't one to celebrate silly things like birthdays and such, but it's important to Peeta to honor their first year of being together as a real married couple. The odds have not been in their favor, yet they have survived and are together in spite of their many challenges. Peeta's determined to pay tribute to their love today. As he paints the icing on the cookies he baked just for this occasion, he grins to himself as he remembers his proposal to Katniss last year. It was four years after Peeta returned home from the Capitol and since he and Katniss started walking the path of renewed friendship and trust. Peeta knew that many people in Panem thought the two were officially married, even though they were not. Their ambiguous relationship often pulled at Peeta's emotions. He knew Katniss was his once she pronounced her love for him, but he wanted more. He wanted permanence, so he took the risk. He remembered Katniss' love for his shortbread cookies. She savored the crisp bite of butter and sugar that melted delicately on her tongue. He decided to put his plan into action by making a batch of cookies and decorating them with beautiful flowers, especially the Jonquil, the happy yellow and white flowers that had been in full bloom and would eventually be in her bridal bouquet. On two of the cookies, he painted the words in dark icing "Will You" and "Marry Me?" He had two other cookies painted "Yes" and "Okay." Peeta was not willing to accept any other answer. His persistence was evidently successful as they exchanged vows on the meadow just one month later with a small group they had gathered for the special occasion. Haymitch, who also served as best man, fulfilled the role of Katniss' father by giving her away. It was fitting as those three had developed a relationship beyond that of family. Just as soldiers in the military often become closer than kin, so do mentors and their victors, especially after all they endured in the revolution. Peeta had confided in Effie about the proposal so she could start the paperwork for the marriage license. There was a small District Hall set up for District 12's Capitol business, but Peeta didn't want to stir the pot and make their nuptials known to the public. Effie knew the right people to get it done legally and quietly. Smiling at the memory, Peeta silently thanks Effie, especially because of her help today so he could obtain the ingredients needed to make Katniss' favorite lamb stew. Effie still has connections and is able to occasionally purchase and send luxurious food from the Capitol to District 12. Sae took on the task of making the stew so Peeta could tend to other duties. She plans to bring it over before Katniss comes home. Peeta encouraged Katniss to get out of the house today, go hunting, forage fresh berries, visit Haymitch, and take care of business she has in town. He hopes she doesn't come home early as there is much more to be done. He looks proudly upon the cookies he baked and frosted, especially the two most important ones he created just for today. He can smell the delicious scent of rolls in the oven, perfect for dunking in the stew. He's eager to see Katniss' surprise when she walks through the door. Peeta likes pushing Katniss when it comes to romance. She's more of a realist but still enjoys his frequent attempts to woo her by creating a sensual mood. He plans to do something nice for her tonight, something that will involve all her senses and be done solely with her in mind. He got the idea when he was drawing in his sketch pad one afternoon. Peeta noticed that Katniss was staring, but he wasn't sure if she was daydreaming or truly watching him. He turned slightly to see that she was eyeing his hands as he drew. She broke her gaze once she realized Peeta caught her looking at him. He lifted an eyebrow and grinned. "See something you like, sweetheart?" She shook her head. "Okay, I'm guilty. Have I ever told you how much I love your hands?" Peeta lifted them and turned his palms back and forth for Katniss to view. "These old things? It's the cookies I make with them, isn't it?" Her mood became serious as she moved toward him and took them in her grip. "These are the strongest and toughest, yet gentlest parts of your body. You can lift bags of flour and knead dough, even used a sword when you had to, but I've also seen these beautiful hands draw a person's form perfectly, paint a sunset just as it appears in the sky, and touch me ever so softly." She brought his hands to her lips and pressed them against her as she sighed a pleasured moan. Peeta was amazed by her admission. He had been oblivious to Katniss' attraction to his hands. He took them for granted even though they had proved to be useful for many tasks. That was the moment he knew the perfect gift for her on their anniversary. Combining a mixture of his hands' roughness with their strength and dexterity, he'll give her a massage she'll never forget. He nods to himself, satisfied with his plan, and readies the house for her impending arrival. Everything is in its place when Katniss strolls through the front door. Sae already dropped off the stew and the aroma infuses the entire house. Candles flicker in the entry and lead into to the dining room and bedroom. When Katniss passes through the front hall, she feels her stomach rumble. The scent of dinner waiting brings a smile to her face in spite of the sting in her feet and ache in her back from a long day of errands and hunting. She tried to stay out as long as possible since she realized Peeta was up to something for their anniversary. She doesn't know what he has planned but is well aware of his romantic schemes. It crosses her mind that if he went to the lengths of making lamb stew, she might have to skip dinner and take him right to the bedroom, or better yet, have him on the kitchen table. But actually, she'll eat first, then take advantage of him. "Peeta? I'm home," she calls, wondering where he's hiding. "I'm in the kitchen, Katniss, dishing up the stew." She enters the kitchen, eyes wide like a child looking at all the colors of candy in the mercantile. "Oh, Peeta. I think I love you even more, if that's possible." She gazes at the sight in front of her wondering how each day she's that much more attracted to him. His rugged handsomeness shines through his wavy blond locks and the soiled apron that he proudly wears as he cooks. "I knew I would get you with the stew, but that's not all. I have a couple more surprises in store for you, Katniss." He lifts the apron over his head, puts it on the hook, and looks his wife in the eyes. He notices she appears tired, but content. "I missed you today. Did you overdo it? You look exhausted." Katniss nods. "I'm a little achy from all the walking but it's nothing this meal and your attention won't cure." Peeta places his hand at the small of her back, walks her over to the table, flashes his charming grin, and pulls out the chair for her to sit. "My lady," he teases as he motions for her to take her place at the table. Katniss attempts her best curtsy but stumbles a bit as she sits. Rolling her eyes, she jokes, "I told you I'm not made for this fancy stuff." "I can't argue with that, but it's still fun to watch you try. Remember the party at President Snow's mansion? I think we pulled that off really well. We had everyone fooled. You'd never know we were from District 12; let alone you being from the Seam." She gives Peeta a playful jab in the thigh with her elbow for that comment, but the two laugh at the vision he describes. Peeta changes his tone, standing behind Katniss' chair with his hands on her shoulders. "I want you to relax tonight. Let me do everything for you. This night is about us and how happy I am that you're my wife…for real." He swipes her long hair aside to expose her bare neck underneath. He lowers himself to place his soft lips against her sensitive skin. He whispers as his hot breath lingers above her, "I love you, Katniss. Are you ready for dinner?" Katniss nods but is silently overwhelmed by everything Peeta has done for her. She's used to being the one in control, the girl that makes the rules, but Peeta is asking her to follow his lead. She doesn't like giving up her authority or allowing herself to be putty in someone else's hands, except maybe with Peeta. She trusts his hands. She knows he's always going to protect her and care for her. She's never felt more vulnerable but completely safe at the same time. Peeta serves dinner and sits across from her, the candles flickering a dim glow that causes shadows to dance across their features. Peeta tears off a piece of bread and offers it to Katniss. Her lips turn up slightly into a smile as she recognizes the man who used to be that boy. The boy who, many years ago, risked bodily harm in order to feed her. He is the same person but more mature, more comfortable in his own skin. She admires who he has become in spite of all they had to endure. His blue eyes have not changed, nor has his generosity of spirit and selflessness. He's shown multiple times that he is willing to sacrifice himself for Katniss, and she recognizes that as she gazes upon him. Once they're finished, Peeta removes the plates and takes them into the kitchen for cleaning. Katniss notices he has a slight limp to his gait. She rises from the table to follow right behind him. "Peeta, you're limping. You shouldn't have done all this for me. Are you hurt?" Katniss' worried expression amuses Peeta, but she doesn't find it one bit funny. "I'm serious, Peeta! It's not a laughing matter if you injure yourself, especially over something like making me dinner." He can't help but cherish what she says. This is the same girl that put her life in danger by helping him when his leg was so infected he almost died. She faced almost certain death to obtain the medicine needed to heal his leg, and he has never forgotten that. If she hadn't cared, she would have left him by the river to perish. Instead, she protected him like he was family, and for that, he will always be grateful. "I'm fine, I'm fine. C'mon, I have a surprise for you. We'll have dessert a little later." Peeta takes a little bottle from the counter, places a quick kiss on Katniss' nose and spins her around to face the opposite direction toward their bedroom. Katniss is puzzled, not certain what Peeta has in store for her. "What's in the bottle? What's the surprise?" "Now, it wouldn't be a surprise if I told you. Are you going to trust me?" He pushes her lightly to keep her moving forward, even though Katniss is so stubborn that she stops several times to turn to face him. "Move it, Katniss. If you fight me, you won't get to feel these hands all over you." He places his hands on her bottom and scoots her forward again. Peeta notes a little smile form on