The muffled sounds he heard from below the sheets were indecipherable. "What? I can't understand what you're saying down there," Peeta asked impatiently and flipped the linens up over Katniss' head. "I said that I finally sent in that name change, Mr. Mellark," Katniss repeated with a smirk. She hoped that her good faith effort in finally changing her name would improve the bad mood he'd been in for the past couple weeks. "Now, let me get back to work." "You don't have to do that, Katniss." She popped off again to answer, "But I want to. I want to officially be Mrs. Mellark. I owe you that." She opened her mouth to consume him once again when Peeta jerked away. "No, I mean you don't have to work so hard to get me off. It's just not happening tonight, okay?" Katniss sulked, frustrated and fatigued. She gazed at him from her place on the bed, reaching to grasp his chronically soft penis. "But it's been too long—I mean, all I want is for you to be satisfied." "Enough!" Peeta snapped, propelling himself away from her to move up to his side of their bed. His head dropped in disgust. "I'm tired of being your project. It's only been a couple weeks anyway." He turned to look at Katniss, avoiding any direct contact with her steel-grey eyes. "You're making me more nervous." She crawled up slowly behind him and pressed her naked body against his bare back. Her lips found his neck and made a trail up to the sensitive area behind his ear. "No more trying, okay? You let me know when you're ready." Her hands skimmed along the muscles of his broad shoulders as she hummed passionately at the sight of his skin pebbling under her touch. She wanted him so badly and thought of something that could benefit them both. "Peeta?" she asked demurely. "I've missed your mouth on me. What do you say, hmm?" She lay back, her ebony hair fanning delicately onto the pillow. Her fingers walked down to her center as she spread her legs for him. He knew she needed him and acknowledged to himself that his lack of intimacy had been affecting their relationship. He inhaled sharply and did his best to calm down. As he slowly exhaled, he pushed back the distracting thoughts that had been tormenting him lately. "Okay, Mrs. Mellark, you convinced me," Peeta said with a sly grin as he turned and moved toward her sex. He opened her even wider and inhaled deeply, her aroma permeating his senses. With a quick movement, his tongue swiped along her entrance, then his lips suckled on her clit and dove back for more. He became intoxicated with her scent and continued his routine as she thrusted her pelvis toward his face, her fingers locking onto strands of his thick blond hair. "Peeta, Peeta, Peeta..." she chanted reverently as her hips oscillated rhythmically under his ministrations. His enthusiasm grew as his tongue bathed every crevice of her most intimate area. She heard and felt him moaning, the vibrations from his breath causing her to keen in pleasure. She continued her litany as his hands moved to her bottom, pushing his face even deeper into her throbbing abyss. He smiled against her as he felt his cock coming to life. Finally. He grunted and bit at her lustily, having felt his virility return. His fingers found their way to her center, tickled the swollen labia, then filled her chasm as his tongue swirled and lapped up her moisture. He looked up and saw her head pushed back onto her pillow, her glorious lips parted in ecstasy as she continued to whisper his name. Coupled with a few choice words, hearing his name fall from her mouth repeatedly gave Peeta such a thrill. He had become fully erect by the time her muscles tightened and the sparks shot through her closed eyes. "Oh, Peeta! I'm coming. I'm coming..." she whined blissfully as she soaked his face and the bed linens thoroughly. Her heart beat so fast that she felt it would come right out of her chest. She just lay there, her breath normalizing while Peeta went to retrieve a wet cloth from the bathroom. He initially moved the warm, damp towel along Katniss' forehead, down her nose, and to her chin. He planted kisses on her cheeks as he wiped her neck and chest. Katniss noticed the obvious hard-on Peeta was sporting, but she didn't dare say a word for fear she would be chastised. Instead, she allowed him to take the lead. He washed between her legs, which felt so luxurious. Peeta had rarely doted on her like that, unless it was an act of foreplay. He set the used washcloth to the side and lay next to Katniss. She turned to him and gazed lovingly into his deep blue eyes. "Thank you for that," she kissed his lips tenderly and traced the bit of light stubble covering his jawline. "Mrs. Mellark loves you." He pulled her in closely, grasping on to the small of her back while doing so and muttered, "I love you too, Katniss. Look, I'm sorry about earlier, I just—" "Shh," she interrupted, "no apologies. This is a difficult time of year for both of us." "Yeah, it is." His tone sounded more defeated to Katniss than usual, but she attributed it to his recent sexual problems. He got up and opened the window, turned off the light, and removed his prosthetic before lying next to her. Sleep came quickly for Katniss as Peeta's fingers combed through her hair gently. His steady arms enveloped her as she drifted off. Little did she know that Peeta felt far from steady and was doing everything in his power not to lose control. Peeta should have been more excited about the renovation of the Mellark Bakery. It had taken over a year to get all the needed materials and supplies from the Capitol and then finding decent help for the labor was another issue altogether. Peeta was strong, but he needed more crew to get the job done. So after two years, the rebuilding of his family's bakery was complete. Besides the general allowance the Capitol had provided to those wanting to rebuild their businesses in destroyed districts, Peeta obtained even more advanced equipment due to the known sacrifices he and Katniss had made for the rebellion. They sent him electric ovens, large refrigerators, and beautiful cabinetry all crafted to Capitol standards. It wasn't over-the-top, but to Peeta, it was such a special gift considering how many businesses and homes had been destroyed in the war. They even sent technicians from District 3 to update the telephone lines and electricity so the current was stable and safe for the entire district. The new government of Panem wanted and encouraged inter-district communication, so establishing phone lines was one of the first priorities after the basic infrastructure had been rebuilt. Peeta opened the glass doors of the bakery; the sign reading his family's name hung high above. His morning staff was already at work, having been there since four in the morning. That was one of the perks of being in charge: he could make his own hours. But Peeta, always the baker's son, never changed his internal time clock and woke up before the sun rose every day. He greeted Aster and Margot, who were already filling the display cases with pastries and bread. The bakery had only been open a week, but they had enjoyed a steady influx of customers considering the small population. And with Effie being Effie, she had already submitted a special order for an upcoming Capitol engagement. Peeta was grateful to have some business to keep him occupied. He had designed the new place similarly to how it was when he was growing up, with a few exceptions. The bakery, kitchen, and family room had been on the lower level, and the bedrooms had been upstairs. Now, however, he didn't need living quarters, so the bakery downstairs was larger with tables and chairs for eating inside. Upstairs, he had arranged for an employee break room, an office for himself, and a separate studio for his painting and artwork. Most people in Panem would be elated by the grandeur of his new business, but for Peeta, it was bittersweet. This was the time of year that he and Katniss, along with all of the survivors of District 12, mourned for those lost in the firebombing after the Quarter Quell. Several years had already passed, but the anniversary of his family's demise felt even closer to him as it occurred at the same time of the Mellark Bakery's reopening. And part of renovating the bakery, his former family home, was cleaning all the debris. The place had been leveled with only fragments of walls still standing; just the foundation and basement had been left fully intact after the Capitol's bombing. Peeta had ignored the boxes and files that had been stored in the basement. He left it to go through later as they had already built on top of the foundation, leaving the same entry points for access. Peeta had handled the reconstruction well. He remembered the times he had spent in the kitchen with his father and held back his tears. He smiled wistfully as he recalled those wrestling matches he'd had with his brothers before his mother would whack them on the butts with her broom. But it wasn't until two weeks ago that he'd started regressing. It had been late, after the workers had left for the day. Peeta had been putting finishing touches on the upstairs office when he'd thought he'd heard noises that reminded him of his brothers fighting, as they had often done long ago. Echoes of his family from childhood had pervaded the walls of the bakery, and Peeta's body had begun to quake. Visions of fire, searing heat, and blood curdling wails had burned through his mind. He had braced himself against the back of the chair just to remain standing through the torment. When it'd finally passed, Peeta was dripping sweat, panting, and tremoring. His first instinct had been to call Katniss at home, to ask for her help with his unusual scare. But he had decided against it; he'd tightened his grip on the chair to remind himself where he was—what was actually real. Peeta had remembered Dr. Aurelius recommending desensitization when he was faced with a fear. That meant he needed to figure out what had truly scared him and had caused him to see those horrific visions. Then he could determine a way to cope with that fear before allowing himself to be exposed again. He'd had a pretty good idea what had caused his upset, and he had been avoiding it from the day he had come back to District 12. He had thought that rebuilding the bakery would be therapy enough, but he hadn't gotten to the core of his pain. The truth to his anxiety lived in the boxes below him. Those remnants were the only proof of his family's history, the only things that had survived from the bakery, save himself. So with slight hesitation, he'd put down his work and made his way down to the basement. That first night, he'd opened only one box. His hands shook terribly as he pulled at the seams to open it. He found receipts from his father's business stuffed in that top box. Mr. Mellark had not kept the most detailed records, but reading some of the trades he'd made caused Peeta to laugh. Two squirrels for a loaf of bread... a basket of strawberries for a bag of cookies. He'd decided that this could be therapeutic, indeed, and spent some time every night rummaging through the boxes—exposing himself bit by bit to those ghosts from the past that his mind had been fighting