The ivory ceiling is a blur as my body moves in time with his. I check the clock - 8:42. It's not too late, but I certainly hope he finishes soon. I lift my legs for him to drive in more deeply; maybe I'll get something out of this too. His carnal grunting against my neck used to send shivers down my spine, but now it's simply a sign that he's almost done. His hot breath hits my cheek as he sighs in pleasure, "Katniss, oh yeah, baby... mmm... I'm coming." His low voice bellows from his chest as his thrusting slows and then stills. As usual, he collapses onto my body as he loses strength then rolls to my side, his torso expands rapidly as he catches his breath. I turn, kiss him quickly on the lips, and jump out of bed. "Don't you have to leave by nine?" I ask as I walk into the bathroom and wait for his response. "Yeah, I guess I should get dressed, shouldn't I?" He laughs as he enters the room and turns on the shower. I flush and move to the sink to wash up. He leans over behind me in an attempt to be cute as I have toothpaste in my mouth. His lips find the top of my head as I spit. "Aw, Catnip, I appreciate these romantic moments we share." He smacks my butt then pulls the curtain to disappear into the steamy water. I holler over the loud stream, "You just have shitty timing, Gale. Next time, wait till I'm done brushing my teeth. Much more romantic when my mouth isn't full of white paste." "I don't know, Catnip. I think it's pretty hot when your mouth is full of white stuff." Finding himself hilarious, he chuckles at his own sick joke. I don't acknowledge his stupid comment; I can't waste any time. Fully clothed, I traipse into the kitchen to get my breakfast started. I quickly check the clock - 8:57. "Gale! You're going to be late if you don't leave soon. And don't forget your toolbelt again! Hate to see you make an extra trip and drive back here." His long legs enter the room before he does. "Yep, got it in the truck. But thanks, Mom!" He peels a banana, takes a bite, and offers a wink as he heads out the door. "See ya later, babe." Finally! I glance at the time - 9:01. I slowly open the kitchen curtains and peek outside. Our little house faces west, but this window opens to the north, so there's no sun to obstruct my view. We live in a historic part of District 12 which was renovated many years ago. It's an area full of quaint bungalows that became popular as an artist community well before I was born. I lived here for a few months before Gale moved in with me last year. The place is closer to his job, and it saves us both money, so it was the right thing to do at the time. I'm happy we chose to move in together. My best friend Madge told me I shouldn't do it because he would never ask me to marry him. She said something about milk and cows. I can't remember. I sip on my tea and crunch my toast as I stand looking out the window waiting. It's 9:10. He's late today. I jerk abruptly when the phone rings. I answer quickly as if he'll hear it. "Hello?" I don't bother looking at the caller ID so I can keep my eyes trained across the street. "Hey, it's Madge. So what's happening today?" She sounds almost too giddy. I roll my eyes. "He hasn't shown up yet," I desperately whine to my partner in crime. "Do you think he knows?" "No. How could he?" Madge reassures me. "Do you want me to come over?" "Nah, I have to be at the gym by ten. I have a new client I'm working with today." "I swear, Katniss. I think these guys only sign up with you so they can check you out in your tight workout clothes," she says protectively. I laugh in response, "Madge, I don't give a shit, to be honest. If they pay me, I'll train them. I mean... wait! There he is!" Madge squeals, "Eeep! What is he wearing? Tell me all the details." "He opened his drapes, and he's wearing what he always does - a white t-shirt, jeans, and a painted up apron." I bite my bottom lip unintentionally and wait to see what he does next. He usually opens his thick red drapes at 9 am, but today he's late. "I wonder why he's late today. Wow, his hair looks a little messy this morning." "I can't wait to see this guy if he's as hot as you say he is. He may have wanted to sleep in. If his hair is all mussed, maybe one of those girls slept over. Do you see anyone in there with him?" Madge's excitement spurs me further. "I'm looking, but I just see him right now." I'm lucky to have such a good view into my neighbor's house across the street. He's been living there for a few weeks, and I've already noticed a pattern. I discovered him accidentally, but my curiosity and continued observations have been completely intentional. Every morning around 9:00, he pulls open his thick red curtains that face my kitchen window. They remind me of theater drapes, the kind with gold sashes to hold them open at the cinema. It's difficult to make everything out from across our two lane street, but I see an easel in the room and a few pieces of furniture. I've never seen him paint, but the soiled artist's smock and the canvas on the wooden frame tell me what I need to know. I've never seen him up close, only through the window. I know he has blonde wavy hair, a gentle face, and a thick and nicely cut physique. I'd love to know more, but those damn curtains are only open for a short time in the morning. "Oh! Here's someone. Wow, she's beautiful," I share with Madge, who has become quite the accomplice to my voyeuristic activities. "She's the prettiest I've seen so far." "Don't hold out! Tell me more." "She's quite tall. Maybe 5'10," a little taller than him. She has long flowing blonde hair..." "What's she wearing?" Madge interrupts. "I'm getting there. Hold your horses, missy." I giggle at Madge's impatience. "She's wearing a simple tank and yoga pants. Nothing special." Madge sighs and asks, "What do you think he's doing with them? Painting them? Having sex? Both?" Her imagination runs wild when she suggests, "Oh my God, Katniss. What if he's painting nudes or doing pornography?" I ponder the thought of him painting nudes, and it does make sense. Once the woman of the day arrives, the curtains close immediately, and I don't see him again until dinner time. Could he be having sex with these women? I couldn't imagine, but maybe? Shaking off my thoughts, I tell Madge, "Listen, I should go. I still need to get ready for work." "Don't leave me hanging. I want all the details. Got it?" "Madge, I would never leave you hanging. If I learn more, I'll tell you." I click the red button and look outside. Curtains are closed. Show's over... for now. My muscles feel worn from all the training I've done today, but after work I like to take a brisk run around my neighborhood. I usually only run five to ten miles depending on my mood. Before I take off, I stretch on the front porch only to notice the overgrown weeds amongst my peonies. Those peonies are my pride and joy. I think they are the only living things besides humans that I haven't killed. My thumb is far from green. It is some shade between brown, black, and grey. What is the worst color for plants? That's the color of my thumb. I have poor luck with fish, hamsters, and birds. They don't do well around me, which is why I don't have any pets. But my peonies greet me everyday. My beautiful red blossoms hold court along my walkway, swaying with the gentle breeze like they're waving hello. I squat down to pull the nasty weeds that litter my flowerbed. In general I don't mind weeds, but these flowers are special. The sudden bump on my rear forces me to fall on all fours into the dirt, crumpling two of my peonies. I quickly bolt upright, "What the hell are you..." It's him. With his dog. He has a dog? His hand rubs the back of his neck nervously. Looking distraught, his stunning blue eyes flit around my face apologetically. "I'm sorry, this isn't the way to meet my neighbor, is it?" He smiles and offers a shy laugh. I don't move. My tongue has lost the ability to speak. I must look like a fool with my mouth partially open, not talking or saying anything to this charming, handsome, sexy... stranger. He looks down to his dog and chastises her, "Sadie, you know better than that! This is no way to behave in front of our new neighbor." His scolding causes my lips to relax into a smile. Anyone who talks to their animals can't be all bad. I do talk to my flowers. I understand. I finally find my voice and get down on the level of the dog. "It's okay, Sadie. I'll give you this one free pass. But any more problems with my peonies, and you'll have hell to pay." I point my finger jokingly at the dog as if she really understands what I'm saying. To my surprise, she actually whimpers at my command. "I'm sorry. I hope I didn't hurt her feelings," I apologize to her gorgeous owner. His hair is even more blonde in the evening sun, silver glints coming off it as the shadows cast across his face. "I'm sure she understands." He loosens the grip on her leash a bit so she has room to move forward to sniff my legs. I'm not used to animals, especially large ones with wet sticky tongues that push me over and lick god-knows-what on my body. I move backward unintentionally, and I see he pulls her tighter to him. "I'm sorry. I'm not used to animals coming on so strong," I explain before I realize what I just said. "I was about to go for a run. Is this the first time you've walked this path with Sadie?" His gaze is so intense. I feel like he's soaking in all my features, as if he's trying to memorize me. But I'm sure that's my wishful mind creating some imaginary scenario. I shake it off as I prod further, "I mean, I've never seen you out here before, so I - " "Actually, no. I take this route everyday. You must already be out on your run by the time we pass by." He looks down to his feet and shuffles them a bit, then back up to me. "I got lucky today." He got lucky. I snicker, "Yeah, I guess we both got lucky. Well, um...I mean. It's nice to finally meet you. I never get to see you since you moved in. Not out here, anyway." "Out here?" His eyes crinkle in wonder. "Have you seen me somewhere else?" Shit! Trying my best to act casual, I blow it off. "You know, just seeing you going in and out of your house. Typical neighbor stuff." "Ah, okay. I thought maybe we shopped at the same grocery or something. Hoping we could find another way to bump into one another again." He wants to bump into me again. Is he saying what I think he's saying? I find myself chewing my bottom