"C'mon, we only get thirty minutes people," Katniss grumbles to herself as she fidgets in line at the new sandwich shop. She can't help but look at her watch repeatedly while the people in front of her are all at a standstill. She's usually a patient person... well, who is she kidding? On her lunch break, she likes things fast and efficient. It's just that she heard her coworkers rave about the new place in the mall that boasted freshly baked bread topped with organic veggies. The meat and cheese is sliced right before your eyes and placed directly on your sub. How could anyone go wrong with that? She figures she's currently waiting for the bread to rise. Sighing in frustration, she decides to give in, anticipating that she'll need to eat her lunch while she walks back to work. Surrendering to the inevitable, Katniss leans against the wall and pulls her Kindle from her bag. She may as well catch up on her novel while she stands in wait at the mercy of Mellark's Subs. She shuffles along with the line, sensing when the girl in front of her is at least one foot ahead. Her book is getting to a really intense part, and she is actually thankful she has some time to read in spite of her stomach's rumbling statement of dismay. Her eyes close in contentment as she inhales the scent of freshly baked bread. "Hang in there, buddy," she says softly as she pats her tummy. "I'm sorry. I couldn't hear you." The kind, masculine voice breaks her from the conversation with her stomach, and a flush rises from her chest to her ears. "Welcome to Mellark's. I wasn't able to catch your order." "Uh... um... I was talking to myself. Um," Katniss stammers as she realizes this whole time she never looked at the menu to decide on a sandwich. The guy behind the counter is all smiles as he waits patiently for her to speak. She scans the menu posted up on the wall, trying to keep her eyes from focusing on the sheen of his blond wavy hair or the glimmer of his sapphire eyes. "Can I make a suggestion?" he offers. "We have a turkey avocado sub that's been a real hit today." She tries to turn her furrowed brow into a relaxed, casual smile, but she thinks she probably looks more like she's constipated than any attempt at being friendly. Her face turns to a scowl as she looks at her watch and notices she has only twenty minutes left of her lunch time. "Yes, that one. The avocado turkey sub sounds great." Quick and easy order, right? "Okay, coming up," he says with a grin, showing off his straight, white teeth and perfectly slanted smile. All the while, time is ticking. He leans into the bread warmer and has to reach back further to pull out a roll. She appreciates how his white t-shirt strains against his back and shoulders just right, and his jeans tug a little tighter on his butt as he moves the bread forward in the hot contraption. Her eyes dart down to the counter when he unexpectedly pivots around. His hands get her full attention as he cuts the bread and opens it wide enough to make her sandwich. She unconsciously licks her bottom lip but not because the bread looks so damn good. He clears his throat to get her attention, and she jerks her head up quickly to face him, biting her lip from embarrassment. "Want everything?" Yes, I do! "Yes, please... oh, but no onions," she adds reflexively. As he carefully spreads the condiments on the bread, he inquires, "No onions?" "No, I mean, I like onions, but I don't want to have onion breath at work, you know. That might turn people off from shopping and buying equipment from me and..." What the hell am I saying? "And, um. Anyway… Yeah, no onions." He chuckles. "Okay, just wanted to be sure I heard you correctly." Mortified, Katniss looks anywhere but at hottie sandwich-maker guy. Why couldn't she have gotten the girl next to him with the cat's eye glasses and brown spiky hair. She wouldn't have caused Katniss to break out in a sweat and make her share her deep thoughts on onions. She watches his hands work, delicately placing the sliced meat and avocados onto the bread. His strong, thick fingers move deftly to apply the lettuce and tomato just so. No wonder it takes so gosh-darned long to get a sandwich here. She speaks up. "You don't have to be so careful with my sandwich. I only have about fifteen minutes left on my lunch break as it is." Her teeth worry her lip again, but it needed to be said. "I'm sorry. It's a bad habit of mine. I want everything to be how I would make it for myself and forget that people are in a hurry." He points to his name tag that reads on two lines: Peeta, Sandwich Artist. "Don't you think you're taking the artist part a little too seriously?" Katniss asks with a tinge of humor in her voice. He puffs his chest, wielding his mayonnaise covered spreader in front of him. "Hey, I'm an artist by trade. I take this job seriously." He winks and finishes packing up her lunch. "Tell the cashier I'm giving you my employee discount today... for the wait." "Oh, no. No, Peeta. I can't do that. I don't want to owe you anything," Katniss declines earnestly. "You're not going to owe me anything. I feel I owe you—for taking the time you could otherwise be spending reading a Pulitzer Prize winning novel." Peeta's tongue wets his lips as he hands her the bag. His smile is contagious as Katniss' eyes soften, and her lips upturn at the corners just slightly at the gesture. "Okay, but just this once," she concedes. When Katniss finally bites into the sandwich, she realizes Peeta must be an artist. It's the best sub sandwich she's ever had. It's Peeta's day off, and he needs a new baseball glove for his league game this weekend. He didn't intentionally leave his old, broken-in mitt on the sofa for his dog to chew up; he simply had too many things on his mind that day. Things like helping his dad with the new sandwich shop and studying for his finals, not anything to do with that girl. It's not like he would lose all sense of reason over a woman just because she has the most silky, black hair he's ever seen. Or that her skin is unblemished and tan, with caramel-colored freckles sprinkled along the bridge of her nose and cheeks. Or that her tongue gently licks her pink bottom lip just before her teeth grasp onto the plump skin right before she smiles. And none of that has anything to do with his decision to shop at Haymitch's Hunting and Sporting Goods at the mall. Except that it has everything to do with her. He doesn't know the elusive girl's name. He saw her last week, and she hasn't returned. He thought he was charming. Maybe too charming. Maybe he scared the living bejeebers out of her, and she turned, ran, and never looked back. Maybe he's reading way too much into their short conversation about sandwiches. Haymitch's is a large store with many departments. Once an employee points Peeta in the direction of the baseball equipment, he takes a long route starting with the traditionally feminine sport areas just in case she's working today. He passes through women's apparel, shoes, tennis equipment, and then ends up in the baseball area. No signs of his onyx-haired beauty. His. He laughs and shakes his head at his apparent possession of this woman he doesn't even know. He picks up a bat before looking at the gloves, gives it a full swing with follow through. Feeling a bit heavy, he takes the next size down to try. After swinging a few bats and not seeing a sign of mystery woman, he moves to the gloves. He may as well do what he came here to do. He strides to the wall with the different sizes, colors, and makes of baseball mitts. He tries on a few but can't find his size in his favorite brand. He can't change brands. That would just be bad luck. He looks around for a sales associate to help him check if his size is in stock. Unable to find someone in his immediate area, he moves over to the next department. He's not sure if the hunting and gun guys will want to look for baseball mitts, but he'll take whatever help he can get. And that's when he sees her. Surely she's filling in for someone today. But as he stands at a distance to watch her help a customer, she seems very capable at holding a bow and arrow. Peeta's mouth falls slack unintentionally, in awe at the sight of this petite, gorgeous woman showing a grown man how to properly load a bow for shooting. And the correct stance. And how to apply his wrist guard. And how to align the bow and arrow for best aim. And... "Can I help you?" a deep voice startles Peeta from his dream-like state. A tall, good-looking guy stares expectantly at him, waiting for Peeta to speak. He looks at the employee's badge. Gale, Sporting Goods Specialist. He shakes his head. "No, I'm waiting for her. But thanks." Peeta smiles and leans casually on a nearby rack of equipment. Gale calls out, "Catnip, this guy's waiting for you." She stops what she's doing with her customer and takes two steps forward, focusing on where Peeta stands. Her brow furrows as she peers over, but her face quickly dons a smile once she recognizes him. She holds up a finger and mouths, "One minute" before attending to her client. Peeta cringes in embarrassment. "Um, you didn't have to do that. I really don't mind waiting." A sardonic laugh tumbles from Gale's lips. "Yeah, I imagine you don't." With a sly grin and a wink, he pats Peeta roughly on the back and walks away. Catnip—what kind of name is that? Peeta wonders, doing his best to look more friendly and less creepy as he awaits the woman who's been on his mind since she came into his store for lunch a week ago. "You found me," she says, one hand on her hip, the other holding a bow. "Haymitch's Hunting and Sporting Goods," Peeta reads as his finger moves over the letters printed on her forest green shirt. "It was difficult; I hired a private investigator." "Okay, you got me." She laughs, and Peeta appreciates the slight bounce of her chest as she does. "So what brings you by?" He's not only captivated by her natural beauty but also how badass she looks holding that bow in her hand. He feels a stiff leathery object in his hand that triggers a thought. "Oh, sorry. A glove." All of a sudden, at a loss for words, Peeta shows her his glove. "Oh," she answers dramatically. "Baseball. Sorry, not my area." She points to her badge: Katniss, Camping and Hunting Specialist. She shrugs then turns around, not failing to swing her hips a touch more than he remembers. "But wait, uh... Katniss?" He hates sounding desperate, but he doesn't want their conversation to end there. "Surely you must know how to check if there's any stock in the back." "There's a reason I'm a Camping and Hunting Specialist; I know my equipment," she continues, very matter-of-factly. "You should've had Gale help you. He's the Sporting Goods Specialist. Didn't you see his name tag?" Now Peeta feels like a complete idiot as he nods his head. "Yeah, okay. But Katniss? Oh, and it's nice to officially meet you. Well, you know,