Author's Note: This was a fic written for pod-together in summer 2017. It was a collaboration between me, the writer (luvtheheaven), and the podficcer/podfic reader marsmaywander . We discussed multiple potential fic ideas I could've written spanning 4 different fandoms and ultimately settled on this idea. marsmaywander's performance is wonderful and this fic was meant to be listened to, so please consider checking out the podfic on Archive of Our Own (aka AO3) - archiveofourown DOT org/works/11515962 or just search Google for "Archive marsmaywander loss night harry potter" or something like that should get you to our podfic & fic joint page... Also, the "book cover" image I chose for this fic here on FFN was found via a very quick Google search, it's a simple quote about grief. Many would've fit this fic, this was the first one I came across that seemed formatted in the right shape for FFN's book covers and which also fit the story well enough. Hermione groggily opened her eyes. Her body still felt like it was on fire. She must have been knocked unconscious. The most desperate thought in her mind was making sure she wasn't about to be attacked further… One instant, she had been feeling impressed with Harry. She may have been complimenting him? But then there was an overwhelming burning sensation inside her body that had suddenly interrupted. After that, a feeling of monumental fright as she realized the unnaturally colored flame had pierced into her, feeling kind of like a knife as hot as a welding torch. She looked ahead cautiously, finding herself in the Hospital Wing, back at Hogwarts. Sunlight filtered through the windows, and from far away on the grounds she could hear the echo of many students up and about. She could also hear a subdued voice, much closer to her. She blinked a few times, noticed how dry her mouth was, and swallowed. Then, she shuddered at how much pain the tiny movement had caused, and didn't attempt to swallow again. Squeezing her eyes as tightly closed as they would go, willing, herself to just listen, the voices came into focus. She stayed as still as possible, breathing her only movement. "I shall be able to determine with more confidence that a trip to St. Mungo's is not necessary once this student is able to talk to me about her injuries. But from what I've gathered thus far, she probably needs plenty of rest, combined with a variety of potions which I will be able to provide." The voice that carried the reply was unmistakably Professor Dumbledore's. "Very well. I'm also extremely glad to hear Mr. Longbottom and Miss Weasley have already been mended. Thank you, Poppy." At this news, Hermione relaxed from the significant tension she was holding onto, and let out a heavy sigh—which did hurt her chest, but every other breath was painful too. She'd quickly concluded, back when she was in the midst of the battle, that Neville was one of the least likely of their group to make it out alive. However, when she realized the headmaster had not mentioned her closest friends being alright, something deeper in her chest constricted with a new type of pain. In fact, Dumbledore had not commented about Ron or Harry at all . With great effort, she decided to open her eyes and look around, to check for their presences. Luna was in the bed next to her, sitting upright against a few pillows and writing something. Hermione leaned a little further to get a better view and didn't realize she was overexerting herself until she found herself wincing. Rather than writing words, it appeared Luna was drawing a picture, periodically dipping her quill in fluorescent pink ink. A few beds diagonally away, Hermione spotted Dolores Umbridge. The woman seemed to be in one piece, despite Hermione's ruthless trick. Hermione certainly was surprised to see her, but was—albeit reluctantly—glad. She couldn't deny it was ultimately ideal to learn she hadn't committed murder. Turning, the most painful movement she had attempted thus far, Hermione couldn't prevent herself from letting out an audible groan. As she heard the nurse's footsteps quickly approaching her, she saw that Ron, too, was here in a bed. She couldn't see how badly off he was before Madam Pomfrey stepped into her view. Hermione missed whatever Madam Pomfrey was urgently saying, as all her thoughts were overwhelmed by the relief that Ron was certainly alive (plus, not hurt enough to need St. Mungo's extra capabilities for care). "My dear! Why are you crying? Is it the pain?" Hermione opened her eyes again in mild confusion, trying to concentrate on what was happening. She was blinking away tears before she even registered them escaping. "Miss Granger," the elderly witch said, this time more softly. "Can you hear me?" Hermione nodded. "Your friend Neville Longbottom told us you were hit by a purple flame, in the chest. You never lost your pulse, but you have been unconscious since it hit you. Until now. Is this accurate?" Hermione confirmed this. Following the nurse's prompting, she then did the best she could to describe what impact the dark magic had left inside her body, and how the pain was manifesting currently. Muttering, scowling, and clearly offended on Hermione's behalf by the horror of the attack, Madam Pomfrey fetched a couple of potions for her to swallow 'as a start'. Hermione found herself beginning to drift off into a magically-aided sleep, but before she did, with a jolt she remembered something important. She had not found out if Harry was alive. Struggling to stay awake long enough to find out this information, she opened her eyes wide. "Wait," she called, in a very weak voice. Madam Pomfrey turned back with a look of caring concern. "Harry…?" The concern transformed into a small trace of a smile. "Mr. Potter is sleeping in his own dormitory, my dear." And satisfied by the miracle that Harry must be physically fine, she didn't fight against sleep for even one second longer. Hermione didn't awaken again until one o'clock in the morning, according to a large clock on the wall opposite her. She'd experienced daylight only briefly, and now she was quickly calculating that an entire twenty-four hours must have passed since all that had transpired within the Department of Mysteries. She had just slept through an entire day for the first time since catching the reflection of the Basilisk in her second year. Despite the very late hour, her former professor, Remus Lupin, was sitting between her bed and Ron's, staring blankly ahead. There was a candle illuminating the space just barely enough for her to be able to see his face. She began to wonder if he was sleeping with his eyes open. However, a second after she shifted to see him, he showed signs of being awake. "Hermione," he said kindly, with a tone that also implied he'd been waiting for her to wake up. "Professor—" "I'll remind you that it is probably more appropriate for you to just call me Remus at this point of our acquaintance." The gentle way he said it made her sure, though, that he was flattered more than anything that she still thought of him as her teacher. She bit her lip nervously, smiling a little. Unable to bring herself to just call him by his first name, she bypassed calling him anything this time and asked, "What… what happened?" He broke eye contact for a long moment, defeat emanating from him with an added air of sadness. Her worry grew. "That is, indeed, what I've been tasked with explaining to you," he finally informed her. "But first, Madam Pomfrey has entrusted me with the responsibility of making sure you take the next potions she's prepared. She apologizes that you need to take so many, but… Dolohov did quite a number on you." Trusting that the sooner she consumed the concoctions, the sooner she'd get the answers she craved, Hermione wasted no time. She tried to hide her wincing as much as possible as she sat up and then drank from the multiple bottles laid out on the beside table. Lupin handed them to her so that she wouldn't have to reach. He kept a sympathetic watch over her as she grimaced a few times. She couldn't help it, with the combination of horrible tastes and the amount her insides burned. When she was finished, Lupin resumed sitting in his chair, but took his time meeting her gaze again. She had the unsettling worry that maybe someone had died while she was knocked out, and judging by Lupin's somber attitude and hesitancy… in all likelihood it was not a Death Eater. She knew her five friends had been alright hours ago, but what if Ron or Luna had taken a turn for the worse? Before she had a chance to check and see if Luna was still in the hospital bed on her other side, Lupin began speaking. "Professor Snape successfully notified the Order of what Harry had said. Professor Dumbledore checked in at Grimmauld Place as soon as he could. The information he obtained from Kreacher certainly explained… a lot." Hermione tensed up. Something in her gut was telling her maybe in his case, she had been wrong to overlook the house elf's allegiance to all the wrong ideals. She had wanted so badly to trust Kreacher, and to give him the benefit of the doubt. She'd encouraged everyone to pity rather than judge him. He had lovingly kept a portrait of Bellatrix Lestrange, and yes, Hermione had eventually learned the Lestranges had caused Neville to grow up without sane parents. Regardless, after knowing what Winky had gone through the prior year, Hermione found herself automatically sympathizing with absolutely anything house elves might do. Clearly, a non-negligible number had spent generation upon generation stuck serving the every whim of the most despicable wizarding families, barely ever leaving their homes. Kreacher worshipping a Death Eater hadn't seemed nearly as bad as someone with free will doing the same. Lupin continued, "Kreacher injured Buckbeak enough so that Sirius would be both busy and well out of earshot when you checked via the floo network—" Hermione cut him off. "Kreacher knew we'd go to Umbridge's fireplace?" she asked incredulously, before glancing nervously over toward where Umbridge lay in a bed. Lupin gave her a half shrug. "He might not have known the specific fireplace within Hogwarts you kids would use. But he was aware that Harry would want to get in touch with Sirius. And more importantly, thanks to information passed on from Kreacher, Voldemort had already learned that Sirius was important to Harry." Hermione let herself feel a surge of admiration for Lupin since he was actually willing to say the dark wizard's name. She had, by now, heard a number of Order members use it, yet every time she was surprised. This time, her focus on how rare it was for people to use the name was a symptom of something else, though. The important thing to focus on was not Voldemort's name, but Voldemort himself—knowing about things he shouldn't know. She was not comprehending. Hermione was numbly attempting to translate what he'd just said into a scenario that made sense, as Lupin kept talking. "As soon as we knew you all had ended up in the Department of Mysteries, a fact Dumbledore did succeed in obtaining from Kreacher—" "Wait," she said. "Kreacher knew where we were going?" Lupin shot her a brief smile of understanding. "Unfortunately, yes. As soon as The Order knew, a team of us headed down there. But you, and Ron here—" Lupin nodded in Ron's direction, "were already down. We were not as quick as I wish we could've been." At this reminder, Hermione tried to look at Ron, but the Hospital Wing was far too dim at this hour for her to make out how