Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. A/N This will be a short story in five chapters, taking place in August 1997. I wrote it to explain Colin's presence at Hogwarts in DH before I read JKR's explanation that he sneaked in when Neville summoned the DA. As there are some problems with this explanation (Colin was underage, how would he have come to Hogsmeade?), I'm nevertheless kind of fond of the explanation I came up with. In any case, Colin is such a tragic character who deserves to have some stories, even though this is certainly not the tribute he deserves. I've revised the text as thoroughly as I could, but it contains my first OC character, and she turned out, well, really annoying. She was funny in my head, but in the text... it was worse than it is now. Colin glimpsed out of the window of his bedroom. Behind him, his brother Dennis was still fast asleep, but Colin couldnʼt stay in bed any longer. He was always nervous of late. The Daily Prophet had published articles the last few days that were so different from the former ones. No more warnings before Death Eaters, only dark insinuations about Harry Potter. Colin had only one explanation for this disquieting change: You-Know-Who had taken over the press, and - judging from Colinʼs experiences in his fourth year - he was pretty sure that the Ministry was in control too. That was dangerous, for him and his brother more than for most other wizards. He had gone to Hogwarts for long enough to know how You-Know-Who and his followers thought about Muggle-borns. His only hope for information was now his classmate Ginny Weasley, after all Harry Potterʼs girlfriend. If anyone knew what was going on, it had to be her. Thus, he waited for her answer, hoping that it would arrive at any moment and too much on edge to sleep properly. He glanced over his shoulder at his brother. He had not told Dennis anything about his worries, though he was sure that Dennis had guessed quite a lot. Even their parents knew that something was wrong, the Muggle news reported strange accidents daily. And Colin had also told them about the special danger he and his brother were in. He stared out of the window into the dark sky, illuminated by no stars, the fog that the breeding Dementors caused taking away all their light. As he stared on and on, the night slowly began to dissolve; however, the whole mood of the outside street remained depressed. Squinting into the slightly lifted darkness, he thought he saw something move far away. He watched, straining every nerve, and slowly the form of an owl could be made out against the sky, approaching him. Nervously he fumbled his window open, and soon a feeble, old, grey thing fell through it. Colin quickly closed the window again, then bent down, gingerly picked up the owl, and detached the letter it carried. Recognizing Ginnyʼs hand, he placed the bird on his desk and hastily ripped open the envelope to unfold the letter. Dear Colin, I canʼt put too much in a letter as nowadays we do not know who might intercept what. I just can tell you this: imagine the worst thing that could have happened to us, and I must tell you that it did happen. The only advice I can give you is to get out of the country as fast as possible. Go with your whole family, nobody is safe here anymore. The Daily Prophet will tell you nothing about the dangers (it little did anyway), that paper is now being published for disinformation. I can offer you no other counsel or help but: get away from Britain and get away fast and far. Good luck and all the best wishes, Ginny Colin leant against the window and breathed deeply. He had expected this, but then one never hopes that their fears come true. There was no time to lose, he had to inform his parents. He strode over to his bed and dressed quickly, having just grabbed his second sock when he was interrupted by a knocking sound at his window. He looked around to see the owl from the newspaper behind it, clicking its beak in annoyance. Half hobbling, half hopping to put on the remaining sock, Colin made his way over and let the owl in. As soon as he had taken the paper and payed the animal, it flew off again. Colin let himself fall on his bed, spreading the paper next to him. It was still very somber in the room, therefore Colin retrieved his little Muggle torch and lighted it. The spot of the light fell on Harry Potterʼs face. Colin stared at the picture in surprise; then he lifted his eyes to the head line. WANTED FOR QUESTIONING ABOUT THE DEATH OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE ʻNo way,ʼ whispered Colin. With trembling hands, he flattened the page and started reading the article, but soon he was too angry to continue. ʻWhat are they playing at?ʼ he hissed, balling his fists. He turned the page, only to freeze in shock. ʻ"Muggle-born Register"? Whatʼs that supposed to mean? "the so-called Muggle-born is likely to have obtained magical power by theft or force." No way! "The Ministry is determined to root out such usurpers" O Ginny!ʼ Colin jumped up and ran to the window, leaning against the cool handle. ʻ"To root out... To root out",ʼ he quoted several times to himself. He looked over to the little bundle in the other bed that was his brother. ʻSo we must leave,ʼ he stated, tears rising in his eyes. The door-bell rang. Colin froze. It was far too early for an ordinary visit. Had the Ministry already come to ʻroot them outʼ? He heard his mother approach the door, cursing under her breath. With unexpected calm, Colin wondered if they would all be dead in some seconds. At least his father was momentarily at work, probably they wouldnʼt wait for him, and he could live. A second later, another thought pushed itself forward in Colinʼs mind. They couldnʼt go down like that! He heared the front door closing down on the ground while he stealthily moved over to his wardrobe. Imagining how their murderers ambled up the stairs, he opened one of the drawers and retrieved his wand. Hiding was impossible, but Colin would try to fight even though he knew that after five years of school, he wouldnʼt stand a chance against a Ministry Auror. ʻHello! So sorry to disturb you this early, but itʼs really urgent,ʼ came a womanʼs clear voice from the door. Colin hesitated with his wand shaking in his hand. the voice didnʼt sound to him as if there was some danger lurking. But it was naive to assume a voice would betray so much. He could hear another male voice, and a short discourse followed that was too low for Colin to distinguish clearly. Feet shuffled in the direction of the kitchen and someone approached the door to his room. There came a knock and slowly the door opened. ʻColin? Dennis?ʼ whispered his mother. ʻThere are some people who would like to see you.ʼ Colin froze with his wand pointing at his mother. What did this mean now? ʻOkay,ʼ he answered shakily, stuffing the wand in the back pocket of his jeans. ʻA moment.ʼ He bent over his brother and shook him. ʻDress!ʼ he hissed, and without having the power to say anything else, he left the room. The next moment, he stood in the doorway to the kitchen and looked at the young couple sitting there side by side. He hadnʼt seen the burly man often, but there could be no mistake. This was Oliver Wood, captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team during Colinʼs first two years at school. His fear diminished a little and was replaced by curiosity. ʻHello,ʼ he said quietly, gliding into the chair opposite Oliver, next to his mother. Oliver smiled at him as did the woman sitting beside him. Colin knew that he had seen her before too, but he didnʼt remember where. She was quite small, had short, curly hair, big, dark eyes and a large mouth. All in all, she looked like a very tanned frog, an impression strengthened by a tattoo over her face of a treeʼs branches from which dead leaves fluttered at intervals that looked like flies floating into her mouth. ʻHello Colin,ʼ said Oliver. ʻYou remember us?ʼ Colin squinted at the woman, half nodding at the same time. ʻWe met when we played the Arrows last summer,ʼ said the woman, seeming to guess what Colin was wondering about. ʻIʼm a Chaser at Puddlemere United. Serena Dennyston.ʼ Colin inclined his head awkwardly, perfectly remembering that he attended the match and got to talk to Oliver. After a short moment of reflection, he had a vague recollection of a short woman standing near them, and he guessed that she must have been this person in his kitchen. In the mean time, he started to wonder why the two Quidditch players were sitting at his kitchen table. He glanced at his mother. ʻDo you have an idea why we have come?ʼ asked Oliver. Colin looked slowly from Oliver to Serena, then back to his mother who appeared very uncomfortable. At this moment, Dennis made his appearance, slogging over to the table and sliding into the seat next to his brother. Colin returned his gaze to Oliver. ʻNo,ʼ he said, aware that his voice sounded quavery. ʻYou know whatʼs going on right now?ʼ asked Serena, leaning forwards, and her eyes fixing Colin. He noticed that she had skulls tattoed on all her fingers too, something that didnʼt exactly endear her to him. ʻYou-ʼ Colin cleared his throat. ʻYou-Know-Who has taken over?ʼ ʻExactly!ʼ Serena leant suddenly back and simultaneously managed to slap her fist on the table while Oliver sat motionlessly next to her. ʻI have been in contact with a very reliable source,ʼ he said calmly. ʻThey told me what awaits Muggle-borns.ʼ ʻTheyʼll be rooted out,ʼ said Colin, amazed at how calm he sounded. ʻMeaning that your wand will be taken from you, and you will be chucked out of the wizarding world at best, otherwise youʼll land in Azkaban or be kissed directly. Do you intend to flee?ʼ Serena had spoken very fast and with what Colin thought a slightly sarcastic tone, slumping comfortably back in her chair. He eyed her suspiciously. ʻI...ʼ he stammered when he noticed that she waited for an answer, glancing over to his mother, who had hidden her face in her hands. ʻI was adviced to.ʼ ʻYou intend to follow that advice?ʼ asked Serena, leaning rapidly forward again so that the legs of the chair crashed loudly on the floor. ʻWhat choice do I have?ʼ snapped Colin. ʻWell,ʼ said Serena, gazing avidly at him. ʻIf you wanted to stay, if you wanted to return to Hogwarts... youʼd need a magical parent.ʼ ʻBut I havenʼt any,ʼ said Colin, starting to feel angry. ʻAnd Iʼm very content with my parents as they are.ʼ ʻThat will be of no use in front of the Ministry,ʼ said Oliver, gently pulling Serena back from Colin. ʻTherefore we have thought that - if youʼd prefer to stay - you might be glad if someone volunteered as parents.ʼ ʻBut youʼre too young!ʼ said Colin confused. Serena grinned. ʻWe werenʼt talking about us.ʼ Colin blinked angrily as he noticed that his eyes were wet. ʻThen tell me what youʼre talking about,ʼ he said, trying to sound controlled. ʻWhere would I get new parents from, and what is to happen with Mum and Dad?ʼ Colin looked over to his mother again, but she was still hiding her face in her hands. Colin turned to his other side to look at his brother. Dennis was staring at the pair opposite, his eyes huge with what Colin supposed had