Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. A/N This story is set on Sunday, 27 October 1968; I assume that Bellatrix was born in early 1951, Andromeda in autumn 1953 and Narcissa in summer 1955, making them 7th, 4th and third year students respectively (there are no exact dates of their births given, are there?). This part of the story - in contrast to the one to follow - is light and harmless with almost no trace of conflict. One bright October morning, three girls left Hogwarts castle together. As they proceeded and the crowd, that had formed around the entrance of the castle, dispersed on the way to the village of Hogsmeade, they provided an entertaining sight for the onlooker. All slim and with a light gait, they walked hand in hand, the tallest on the one, the smallest on the other side so that they had a vague resemblance to pan pipes. Although all three had long, thick hair, their colour ranged from dark, to light brown, to blonde, starting from the tallest. The same observation could have been made in regard to their eyes, all heavily lidded, but - as an overly enthusiastic poet might put it - having the colour of charcoal, hazelnut and the sea respectively. Despite these differences, anyone watching would have known them for sisters. ʻWhere should we go first?ʼ asked the middler, addressing the tallest to her right. ʻItʼs Cissyʼs first visit to Hogsmeade,ʼ said the girl in a deep, melodious voice. ʻI guess itʼs only fair to let her chose.ʼ ʻI?ʼ squeaked Cissy. ʻHow would I know? You are far better at deciding than I am.ʼ Both smaller sisters turned to look up at the third. ʻThen I suggest,ʼ said the girl gravely, ʻthat we just go from shop to shop, quite systematically. We can rest at the Three Broomsticks, before we explore the countryside. Itʼs quite warm for October.ʼ Her smaller sisters nodded reverently while the first roofs of Hogsmeade became visible before them. ʻOh, but it looks lovely,ʼ exclaimed Cissy. ʻHow small these houses are. There must live queer little witches and wizards.ʼ ʻThatʼs the countryside,ʼ said the tallest a little contemptuously. ʻThey lack style and dignity. I donʼt think thereʼs a single noteworthy wizarding family living here. But at least, we are among ourselves.ʼ ʻAnd itʼs far more picturesque than some big place,ʼ said the middle girl cheerfully. ʻDidnʼt Grandfather once think about buying property here and building a villa?ʼ ʻIndeed,ʼ answered the tallest. ʻBut the locals couldnʼt cope with the announced splendour and made so much mischief he gave up on the project.ʼ ʻIt would have been funny to live right next to the school,ʼ said the middler. ʻWe might even have been able to go home overnight.ʼ ʻThat would have been lovely,ʼ agreed Cissy, turning to look at the towers of the castle mostly hidden by trees. ʻIt might have added to our dignity,ʼ said the tallest. ʻBut this is hardly necessary. We are one of the noblest wizarding families anyway and our name makes us respectable.ʼ ʻI do hope we are not just respected for our names,ʼ interjected the middle sister. ʻIʼve got a personality beyond it, havenʼt I?ʼ ʻHave you?ʼ asked the tallest, looking disapprovingly down at her, just as they reached the first shops. ʻLetʼs go into the new shop by that Flume,ʼ she added, pointing. ʻNew?ʼ asked the middler. ʻIʼve already been there last year and-ʼ ʻTrue,ʼ interrupted the tallest with a smile. ʻItʼs been new when I first went to Hogsmeade, but thatʼs now... four years ago.ʼ ʻHoneydukes?ʼ read Cissy the sign above the shop. ʻIsnʼt this written too on the packages Professor Slughorn always has around?ʼ ʻExactly,ʼ said the middler merrily. ʻHeʼs patronised him and now reaps what he sowed.ʼ ʻDonʼt talk so disrespectfully, Drommy,ʼ chided the tallest at once. ʻThe Slughorns are an ancient British wizarding family and have a right to be respected.ʼ ʻI respect Slughorn,ʼ said Drommy defensively. ʻHeʼs a brilliant wizard and a great teacher. I just pointed out some of his more... special character traits.ʼ Cissy giggled, but the tallest gave her sisters a quelling look as she ushered them into the crowded shop. ʻOh my!ʼ exclaimed Cissy. ʻThereʼs more than at Sharkskin in Dragon Alley.ʼ ʻYou know, Bella,ʼ said Drommy, addressing the tallest, ʻwe could get Sirius something. Itʼs his ninth birthday in a week.ʼ Bella frowned and joined Drommy before a barrel of Every Flavour Beans. She looked over the shop in a disdainful manner, obviously feeling infinitely above the average student, who eagerly emptied the shelves. ʻThatʼs a good idea,ʼ she finally said, even smiling thinly at her sister. ʻWhat should we get him?ʼ ʻBest something that only Honeydukes has,ʼ said Drommy, giving the Every Flavour Beans a derisive smile. ʻCissy, what do you see here for the first time?ʼ Astonished, Cissy drew nearer to her companions and looked shyly around. ʻI... probably some chocolate? What tastes...ʼ Drommy laid an arm around her little sisters shoulder and squeezed herself through the crowd to several shelves at a wall where hundreds of different kind of chocolate were displayed. ʻUrg, pomegranate chocolate,ʼ said Bella, who had followed her sisters. ʻHow can anyone eat chocolate with fruit flavour. Thatʼs disgusting.ʼ ʻBut Bella,ʼ protested Drommy, ʻlook, thereʼs already much gone from the strawberry flavoured chocolate and the peppermint-ʼ ʻPeppermintʼs all right,ʼ grumbled Bella. ʻBut when I want to eat strawberries, I donʼt eat chocolate.ʼ ʻYou donʼt have to eat it,ʼ said Drommy cheerfully, taking a small bag from a box. ʻWhat do we want to get Sirius, Cissy?ʼ Cissy scrutinized the shelves and then with a furtive glance at Bella who had gone several feet a away to look at a jar with Acid Pops she pointed at a chocolate. ʻGet this,ʼ she whispered, tiptoeing to speak in her sisterʼs ear. ʻSirius loves melon.ʼ Drommy also looked carefully over to Bella before she quickly broke off a large junk and hid it in the bag. They repeated this several times, though - after adding strawberries and pineapple - with more openness as they proceeded to peppermint, honey and caramel. ʻHave you finished?ʼ asked Bella, ambling over to her sisters again. With a wicked grin, she held out the sweets in her hand and added, ʻDo we want to send him some Acid Pops too?ʼ ʻVery funny,ʼ said Drommy dryly. ʻWho doesnʼt want his tongue burnt?ʼ ʻHeʼs a horrible nuisance of a boy,ʼ said Bella, shrugging. ʻHe actually never listens to me,ʼ said Cissy sadly. ʻHeʼs so disobedient.ʼ ʻHeʼs a witty boy,ʼ disagreed Drommy, grinning. ʻHeʼs much fun.ʼ ʻYouʼve got a sick sense humour,ʼ snapped Bella. ʻI?ʼ snapped Drommy back. ʻWho wants to give him Acid Pops?ʼ ʻNever mind, I was joking,ʼ said Bella a bit grumpily, going away a few steps to put the Acid Pops back in place. ʻYou never tried to babysit them,ʼ whispered Cissy to Drommy. ʻIf you once tried to make Sirius go to bed, you wouldnʼt think it funny.ʼ ʻDonʼt take it personal,ʼ said Drommy, smiling. ʻBetter look around the shop to see what youʼd like.ʼ Cissy surveyed the shop again. ʻWhatʼll you buy?ʼ she asked after a while helplessly. Her elder sisters exchanged a glance. ʻIce cream,ʼ they said in unison. Cissy looked relieved. ʻI take the same as you.ʼ Just as Drommy wanted to proceed in the direction of the ice, Bella held her back. ʻLetʼs wait until the afternoon,ʼ she commanded. ʻWeʼll just buy the chocolate for now.ʼ None of her sisters showed the slightest sign of protest and Drommy proceeded alone to the counter while Bella led Cissy out of the shop. When Drommy had rejoined them, they continued their way down the street into the village. ʻWe need a card,ʼ stated Bella. ʻWeʼll try Scrivenshaftʼs. I need a new quill anyway.ʼ They walked past shops selling clothes, household devices or fireworks, until they reached a little shop that had its window full of quills, from delicate downs to majestic peacock feathers. They entered and Bella strolled around, scrutinizing the quills sceptically while Drommy and Cissy retreated to a stand with cards. On one reading ʻCongratulations on Passing your Apparition Testʼ, there was a wizard who continually disappeared with swirling robes and popped up on some other place on the card. Another showed a girl who pointed her wand at an elderly woman, transforming her into a cockroach, and had the words ʻOf Age!ʼ printed above. On another black card a boy took a cloak from a man in a coffin, threw it around him and vanished. It was titled ʻWe All Must Go On.ʼ ʻCome now,ʼ said Drommy to her sister who stared at that card. ʻWe donʼt want to condole. We need some "Happy Birthday" stuff.ʼ ʻThatʼs sweet,ʼ said Cissy after a short scrutiny, pointing at a card where a fluffy white rabbit looked out from under a tree trunk. It crept out and changed into an old woman. She blinked out of the card and turned into the rabbit again. ʻItʼs Babbity Rabbity!ʼ ʻI donʼt think Siriusʼd like such a silly rabbit, thatʼs far too mawkish if you think about the story.ʼ ʻBut itʼs cute,ʼ argued Cissy, smiling at the card where the rabbit just turned back into the old woman. ʻDrommyʼs right,ʼ said Bella, having walked up behind them. ʻThatʼs junk.ʼ Cissy looked unhappy, but put the card back. She and Drommy turned to Bella, studying the displayed cards. She flipped impatiently through the them with a disapproving impression that prevented her sisters from making any suggestions. ʻThis will do,ʼ Bella finally said, thrusting a card into Drommyʼs hand. Cissy leaned eagerly over for a better look. The card simply showed the night sky with the stars and planets and didnʼt have any writing on it. ʻBut thatʼs boring,ʼ complained Cissy, before peeking anxiously up at her sister. ʻNo, itʼs not,ʼ said Bella, smiling. ʻItʼs the only card here with superior magic. The stars form into the constellation under which the recipient was born and start to twinkle so that it reads ʻHappy Birthdayʼ. Sirius is a clever boy, heʼll appreciate it.ʼ ʻI thought he was a nuisance,ʼ said Drommy. ʻThat doesnʼt mean he hasnʼt got brains. In fact, that makes him even more of a nuisance.ʼ ʻBetter a clever nuisance than a stupid darling.ʼ ʻPoor Cissy,ʼ exclaimed Bella, laying an arm around her little sisterʼs shoulder. ʻDrommy likes me better than you.ʼ The two elder girls giggled while their little sister looked at them with big eyes that slowly filled with tears. ʻNow Cissy, donʼt be stupid,ʼ said Drommy when she had recovered enough. ʻThereʼs nothing to cry about.ʼ ʻFor once I agree with Drommy,ʼ said Bella and placing a kiss on her sisterʼs head. ʻYou mustnʼt prove us right when we didnʼt believe in what we said.ʼ After several more kisses and showers of tenderness, Cissy had recovered enough to allow the sisters to step up to the counter and buy the card together with an extravagant golden quill of about twelve inches. ʻYou never do anything inconspicuously do you?ʼ asked Drommy, turning the quill in her free hand, her other arm around Cissy, while Bella counted out the Sickles and Knuts for their shopping. ʻWhy should I?ʼ asked Bella loftily. ʻWe have all the right to live according to our dignity.ʼ ʻYou certainly have,ʼ answered Drommy, linking her arm under her sisterʼs as they strolled onto the street again. ʻYou are the uncontested queen of the school.ʼ ʻNo cynicism, Drommy,ʼ said her sister, grinning. ʻI value my life,ʼ answered Drommy, pressing her arm. ʻYou want to go anywhere else?ʼ asked Bella. ʻOr shall we go to the Three Broomsticks already?ʼ ʻIʼll follow you anywhere,ʼ said Drommy. ʻIs there still a shop youʼd like to visit, Cissy dearest?ʼ ʻI...ʼ whispered her sister anxiously, only by an additional squeeze from her sister encouraged enough to add, ʻIʼd have liked to go into Gladragsʼ.ʼ ʻAs long as youʼre not being inconspicuous,ʼ snickered Bella,