Disclaimer: I donʼt own Harry Potter. In particular, there are references here to HBP, DH, Cursed Child and The Tales of Beedle the Bard. This story is supposed to happen around two years before the Epilogue. As almost nothing happens, Iʼm afraid itʼs a bit overlong and tedious (probably the Potion scene should be cut?). Hermione Apparated right in front of the magnificent wrought-iron gates. She peered through the bars, but the high yew hedges threw everything in such a gloomy light that she couldnʼt discern whereto the driveway led. The feeling of nausea was stronger than she had expected. And yet, she had told Kingsley that she didnʼt mind. She couldnʼt just return to the Ministry and ask for someone else to do the job. She was able to do this, and to do this with justice and free from prejudices. Hermione squared her shoulders, took out her wand and rapped it against the gates. Immediately, the iron started to move, quickly reforming its patterns into a ghastly face. ʻState your purpose,ʼ it said in a metallic voice. ʻHermione Granger, member of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Ministry of Magic. I am expected.ʼ The gates swung open as soon as she had stopped speaking. Hermione drew a deep breath and marched past the gates along the drive. With every muffled step she made, her panic grew stronger. She looked up from the shaded ground and above her was a clear blue sky. She stared at it, feeling comforted by its serenity. She lowered her head and the depression and horror immediately returned worse than before. She still couldnʼt see where the drive was leading to, but she remembered, remembered so well that it made her wish she wouldnʼt. Her legs felt leaden. She glanced back to the gates, but the darkness of the hedges had already swallowed them. ʻYou can do this,ʼ she whispered sharply to herself. Hoping very much that nobody was observing her, she threw her head back, concentrating on the peaceful sky. Grateful for the even gravel, she staggered on, unsure whether she wanted the path to end or to simply continue forever. The surroundings were indifferent to her feelings and soon Hermione felt the hedges receding and she dared to look down again. She was before a stately manor, made of white stone and in perfect condition. It oddly reminded her of the houses from the period films her mother loved so much, but instead of lightening her mood she had the impression that the impossibly high hedges behind threatened to crush her even after she had left them behind. With one desperate glance to the sky, Hermione approached the broad front door. As if the building had waited for her, the door opened and in the doorway stood a man, dressed all in black. Hermione immediately forced her face into an official, but polite expression and walked towards him. ʻGood afternoon, Mr Malfoy. Iʼm glad you have found time to meet me.ʼ She had the impression that Malfoy hesitated a second, but then he shook the hand she offered. ʻGood afternoon, please enter,ʼ he said tonelessly and stepped back to allow her in. Hermione swallowed back the bile in her mouth and walked through the doors into the hallway. It was large and decorated in a style that clearly bespoke wealth. Yet, she had to admit that the interior was tasteful though the pale portraits on the wall didnʼt look as if they felt like welcoming her. She didnʼt remember much from the one time she had been here before, but then - it had been dark and she had truly been preoccupied. She looked back to Malfoy who wore an oddly blank expression and continued to gaze to the outside. Hermione just wondered what he was thinking, but told herself that probably she was better off not knowing. She didnʼt want to be told that he considered her filth on his costly carpet. Malfoy shuddered and turned to Hermione. ʻI suggest we go straight to my fatherʼs - my study. There, I have a list of the objects in question.ʼ He motioned to a door on their right, still looking passive. Hermione had not seen him from close up for many years and she wondered whether he had been unwell lately or whether it was the loss of his father that made him look a bit sickly. ʻCertainly,ʼ she said quickly and turned towards the door, relieved to be invited into a room she knew she did not know. They had made but a few steps, when a small voice sounded behind them. ʻGood afternoon. How lovely to see you.ʼ Malfoy whipped around with such an expression of shock that Hermione instinctively reached for her wand. But when she looked up, there was only a small woman descending the broad staircase on the left site of the room. ʻAstoria...ʼ Malfoy had hastened from Hermioneʼs side before she had even noticed and now offered an arm to his wife. As they slowly approached, Hermione clearly saw that the woman needed the support, she seemed to make a considerable effort to keep the smile on her face. Her hair was only partly worked into a bun, the other half of hair looking as if she had just tumbled out of bed. She nearly drowned in the white silk dressing gown she was wearing and she was so impossibly thin that her face seemed to consist mainly of eyes. Her skin appeared almost translucent so that Hermione half-expected to see the bones shine through. But the strangest aspect about her was the fact that she was beaming as if there could be no higher pleasure than seeing Hermione in her hall. ʻItʼs a pleasure having you here, Iʼm Astoria,ʼ said the woman as soon as she was close enough to offer Hermione her hand. ʻHermione,ʼ said Hermione, trying to hide her surprise with a smile, taking Astoriaʼs hand, but not daring to press it as it looked horribly breakable. She had never consciously seen Astoria, only guessed from her accompanying Malfoy that she was his wife. But even with him, she couldnʼt remember the last time she had seen her. ʻMay we offer you a cup of tea,ʼ continued the woman, still smiling widely as she gestured to the largest door just opposite the entrance. ʻEm...ʼ Hermione hesitated, remembering exactly what room lay behind the door. ʻI donʼt think Mrs Granger wants to go...ʼ said Malfoy and Hermione threw him a quick glance, taken aback that he seemed to understand her reaction. ʻWe canʼt host Hermione in a broom cupboard can we?ʼ said Astoria with a little laugh that was almost immediately followed by an involuntary cringe. She turned and walked towards the door, Malfoy reluctantly supporting her. Hermione took a deep breath, then followed, fighting back the increasing dread. Before the door, that Malfoy hastily pulled open, Astoria stopped and turned smiling to Hermione, inviting her in. Hermione tried to smile back but failed as she stepped into the magnificent drawing room. She fixed her eyes on the floor, not able to stop her breathing from accelerating. She didnʼt want to see the portraits in the room, the marble mantlepiece with the mirror over it and least of all, she didnʼt want to see the chandelier hanging from the ceiling. Malfoy and his wife slowly progressed towards a couple of armchairs grouped around the fireplace. Hermione followed their feet, but kept her eyes strictly on the ground, not daring to look up. She could make out how Malfoy ushered his wife into the armchair nearest to the fire that was blazing despite the warm weather. Hermione paused. ʻPlease, sit down,ʼ Astoria said. Hermione made an effort and looked up, hurrying to the chair Astoria indicated. Trying to ignore the waves of panic that swept through her she smiled at her host. Astoria looked even paler than in the hall, her face haggard in the light of the dancing fire. As Hermione looked, she slumped back and pressed a hand on her chest, closing her eyes. Malfoy eyed her anxiously and Hermione was torn between the feeling that it was indecent to watch Astoria in such a state and the fear of looking anywhere else in the room. Nervously she looked past Malfoyʼs armchair. But her gaze met with the portrait of Lucius Malfoy and his lip curled in disgust. Hermione quickly looked the other way to the fire. It was only then that she noticed someone else in the room. Huddled close to Astoria, stroking her hand with both of his, stood a little boy. Hermione wondered that she hadnʼt noticed him before and could only conjecture that he had kept so close to his mother that she had overlooked him. The boy was staring at her. Intrigued, she looked at the child that had the wizarding community buzzing for the past years. He looked like a perfect little copy of the Draco Malfoy she remembered from her first years at school, though his face was slightly less pointed and his grey eyes were bigger. As Hermione looked at him, they seemed to widen and she wondered at his expression. At last, she decided that he looked frightened. It puzzled and worried her what the boy must have heard about her to make him fearful. Probably it was not fear, but disdain, probably it was the same reason Malfoy hesitated to shake her hand, the same reason why Lucius Malfoy curled his lips. What if the boy was voicing all the old insults in his mind? What would she do if he suddenly shouted ʻMudblood!ʼ at her? Yet, she couldnʼt stand being looked at as if she was some terrifying beast. Making up her mind, she smiled at the boy. He flinched and his eyes became even wider. Then he smiled back tentatively. Reassured, Hermione turned her full attention to the boy while Astoria still lay motionlessly in the armchair. ʻYouʼre Scorpius, right?ʼ she asked. The boy looked hastily up at his mother, then back to Hermione. Finally he nodded. ʻHow old are you if I may ask?ʼ Hermione was quite certain that he was about Roseʼs age, but it was the first thing she could think about saying. ʻN... nine,ʼ whispered Scorpius, shrinking closer to his mother. ʻNine?ʼ said Hermione, hoping that she sounded encouraging. ʻHow funny. My daughterʼs nine too.ʼ ʻI know.ʼ Hermione froze. ʻHow do you know?ʼ she asked, wondering why Malfoy talked to his son about her children. ʻI once read it in the Daily Prophet,ʼ whispered the child, looking thoroughly scared at her reaction. ʻIn the newspaper?ʼ asked Hermione, her confusion changing to amusement. ʻYou already read the paper?ʼ The boy nodded. ʻYouʼre quite ahead of your age, the only thing Rose cares about in the paper is the column with the Quidditch results. Do you like reading in general?ʼ Scorpius nodded again. Just then Astoria murmured something and Malfoy called out, ʻLeavy!ʼ With a crack a small house-elf with large brown eyes and a nose resembling a pig snout appeared, dressed in a spotlessly white towel. ʻTea,ʼ said Malfoy in an absent-minded voice, his eyes remaining on his wife, and the elf Disapparated immediately again. Hermione stared a moment at the spot where the house-elf had been, but then she turned to Scorpius again, smiling encouragingly, but the boy didnʼt say anything. ʻWhat do you most like to read?ʼ she finally asked. Scorpius looked to his mother again, before he turned to Hermione. ʻ Hogwarts: A History ,ʼ he muttered. Hermione stared. ʻIʼve read that too,ʼ she said when she had recovered enough. ʻTwo years and you will be going too. So, youʼre looking forward to going to school?ʼ ʻOh yes,ʼ said the boy, and for the first time he smiled. With another crack the house-elf appeared again, heaving a huge, ornate platter with four cups, a teapot and a plate full with biscuits, eclairs and scones on