Dark Chocolate Is a one-shot series with various pairings and entirely different AUs, and no connections in between them. Before each short story or drabble, there will be a basic summary and warnings if needed. There is no particular order for how the chapters come and/or with which pairing. I'll use the chapter titles to sign the current pairing so it would be easier to move around. (I'm a Dramione trash, so expect the most of those two) In between relationships Is a Hansy one-shot ( Harry Potter x Pansy Parkinson ): Ginny Weasley (now Krum) was so kind to give everyone an invitation for her wedding party - including the ex she'd just left three months ago. Bitterness ensured, and Harry's in need of a date, the sooner the better. But he should have never trusted in Daphne Greengrass of all people to get him one. (side-Dramione and Greengrass sisters x Weasley twins - Fred's also alive; swearing and a bit of alcoholism ) "I'll get some poison in your drink," he whispered in her ear as he stood up with a honeyed tone, smiling from ear to ear down at his companion. Why did he think it was a good idea to take her at the wedding reception? Oh, of course, out of pettiness. "It's called Bumbo, you peasant," Parkinson practically spat, her perfectly manicured nails knocking on the table. "Besides, you'll not get laid in the next century if you continue on, Potter," she threatened, her imitated charming attitude literally screamed how very fake it truly was. Now again, how did he end up with Parkinson of all people to make an appearance at Ginny's wedding to Viktor motherfucking Krum? He may needed to fault the Weasley twins as the two shared the Greengrass sisters' affection... the older of the girls may have made a suggestion about Parkinson so he may have taken it. He asked for yet another round of firewhiskey and the thing Pansy sipped idly in every ten minutes – just like an acromantula did from its preys' juices. Really, the similarity was breathtaking, even though his partner had dolled up decently for this outing. Getting their drinks, he looked her over, the elegant Cleopatra cut of her dark, raven-like hair, her wild red – nearly orange – lipstick, and the white fur coat framing around her otherwise petite shape... yes, she was entirely like Cruella de Vil, minus the cigarette. And the urge to murder innocent Dalmatian puppies – but hey, you could never know with a deranged witch like Parkinson? "What are you looking at?" she sneered, and mindfully shifted the thick fur so that it covered from the curve of her neck to the black skirt underneath – even though it was the middle of the night, her actions were borderline ridiculous, given it was summer and they were in Bulgary. "I didn't dress up for you Potter, don't even dare dreaming about it! Just... just in case, if one of Witch Weekly's reporters make us headline, you and your miserable face, the ex left three months ago, and me, the shining gem on your fucking weak arm. Seriously Potter," and for that, she leaned in closer with a sneer, her long nails sinking in his biceps as she checked the muscles with a frown on her face. It seemed to be stuck there. "You should do some work-out. Now, I understand why little Weasley ditched you." Harry rolled his eyes, the emeralds nearly falling out of their sockets with it. "I should have just paid for a fake girlfriend," he mumbled, his fingers running along the edges of his glass, mesmerized by the sloshing of the amber liquid. It was still better than looking at Parkinson. "At least she wouldn't be rude," his pointed look, however, did nothing to stop Pansy and her annoying chatting. "I'll kill Greengrass." Not to his surprise, but of course she had a comeback for that, "Yes, yes, you're obviously famous of your brilliant ideas, aren't you, Chief Auror, hmm? Instead of putting up an advertisement, you asked a romantic idiot to get you a fake fiancée in three hours! Congratulations, Potter and cheers to our impending union," and with that she clinked her glass of beige drink – which name he still had not memorized – to his, and downed it in one go. Harry copied without a second thought. At least they had something in common. Both of them were interested in getting wasted tonight. And the best part? It was entirely free – only Viktor's vault would be empty by the end of the night, and their heads, most probably. Three more drinks later, he felt lighter – without the shitty feeling of knowing he'd done a mistake, and, yes, the alcohol tended to make things easier. So much easier – especially when it involved Parkinson. After a while, Pansy whipped out a flask from her handbag, practically pouring the entire thing in her glass. When seeing his perplexed staring, she scowled and gave him the last few drops, barely enough to savour the obviously vintage alcohol. His slathering look gave away everything, and the wrinkles sank deeper in Pansy's skin, "What? I'm too lazy to stand up. And I didn't know I would be your fiancée until like two in the afternoon," he knotted his brows in question, not understanding the change of topic, "I needed something to handle the trauma." He downed what little he got in his glass without a word. "So you're going to be drunk, yes?" Pansy tried with chatting airily, but it was quite a dead end anyway as both would have been anywhere but in this wedding reception, "I think I'll join." Harry sighed, "Parkinson you quite litre—terally an alcoholic. Been drinking sin—since we met. It's a miralc— racle that you hadn't fainted." She had the gall to grin while waving down an elegantly dressed house elf to get some champagne. It wasn't good per se, but it must had been decent enough to get even more drunk on it. She took down four glasses. "And you really fault me for that?" she asked in a tone that suggested that even she didn't believe her own words. She slipped one to Harry, across their table, and put the other three in front of herself. "The world was cruel to me, I was an outcast in the last six years, I can't even get a normal piece of clothing in Britain so all I left with is Paris and occasionally New York or Milan and they don't even serve me in the Leaky and can you imagine my pain when I found out Drakey was in love with another chick?" To be honest, her over-exaggerating way of acting was quite funny, even though the meaning behind the words wasn't. Though really, she was babbling on and on about her miserable life to Harry? The orphan of the wizarding world, the Chosen One, the one who had yearly adventures from slipping out of Voldemort's hands? The one who died at least twice? Her acting would have been believable if, well, Harry hadn't been the one who had needed to endure it. Pansy Parkinson was a fraud and everyone knew that. So instead, Harry echoed with a cocked up brow, "Drakey?" To that Pansy rolled her eyes, and pointed to the dance floor with one of her blood red claws, "You know him as Malfoy, she knows him as oh my god Draco, go harder and faster , you beast ," she imitated poorly with a grimace, "but I'll always know him as Drakey, or arsehole, depends on the situation." The Chief Auror joined in with the grimacing, watching the awkwardly dancing couple with squinting, crossed eyes, "No, Hermione would never ," he stated with a voice so deceiving that made Pansy's chest swell with pride. To his eternal surprise, she giggled. Like a girl, softly and nicely, not like a hyena, like he would have expected from her. She didn't let any of her pristine teeth show, with pulling an elegant hand in front of her mouth, her midnight eyes filled with mirth for the first time during their fake engagement. Harry noted it as success. "I don't care what you think Potter, but remember, please, remember well and clear, swear on your fucking life that you never go nor let anyone near their office after six. Just don't. Or otherwise… yeah, you would end up like me," Pansy muttered, turning away from the awkward couple. It seemed Hermione had already stepped on Draco's toes at least five times in her nervousness – or as Harry had estimated. "They had been together since April and it's their first very public outing." Harry looked up, his vision getting blurry from the sudden move, "You mean Malfoy hadn't been darg—dragged here for the same reason as you?" Pansy was engrossed with playing the fur on the end of her coat, so she answered absently, a half-hearted edge carefully hidden in her hoarse voice, "No, he hadn't been dragged here to be paraded around in Weasley's face, even if his head is worthy of slicing by now. I mean, he's like a ripe tomato, looking at them with those blaming baby eyes," That point it was more of the alcohol talking than Parkinson. "So, back to our favourite star-crossed lovers!" and to that, she clapped her hands together with enthusiasm, "They are far over the jealousy stage, disgustingly in love, if you haven't noticed in their I wanna' fuck you against every surface in the room glances they constantly, and I mean, constantly give each other in every fucking second, and even Narcissa and Lucius gave their blessings to them, meaning Granger is chosen. She won't get away easily, and Draco had already received his great-great-great-great-grandmother's ring. I just want to be a bridesmaid, or more like the maid of honour, that role would fit me a lot more better…," she said and flipped her hair back like a diva. "Wait," was the first word Harry could utter, "Wai— wait a minute, Parik—kinson! How many greats were there?" he asked, lifting up his hand to count it properly. "Eleven," Pansy answered, bottoming up one more glass. She frowned – she hated sweet delight champagnes. She was a prosecco fan so she tossed the glass to the closest kitschy perennial just out of spite. It was too dark for anyone to see, anyway. "But I just said four. Eleven would've been too long," she whined. Harry nodded along in understanding, his lips puckered as he was deep in thought, and for a few minutes, deeply in silence. Then, the moment just ripped itself apart as the words escaped Harry's duck-lips, "Wait! So you are not in love with Mafl— the git?" Pansy laughed – loudly and boisterously, attracting the eyes of the other witches and wizards who had the worst places along them. They were the furthest away from the newly-weds, so her abrupt eruption was really not a problem, beside being embarrassing. But Harry didn't care about that right now – he was entranced by the way she freely laughed, her features not shadowed by the frown she always wore on her face, her body bent down as guffawed and knocked over the remaining two glasses of her champagne. It was just decent, so it didn't really matter. "Oh my god Potter," she heaved out, "No, not I'm not an idiot, I'm not in love with Drakey! Fuck, I'm just pissed because he didn't tell me anything until I caught them during action! Gosh, this one was a good joke," she struggled with straightening up, biting in her lower lip, lest she would start again with her show. She awkwardly cleared her throat, but Harry was entranced with how the red lipstick stuck to her teeth, and the way she kept smiling under her nose. She looked elegant and for