Disclaimer: JK Rowling owns Harry Potter and the characters of the world she created. I just enjoy playing in her sandbox. I am not making any profit off of this and do not claim any rights to her characters, settings, and anything else I am borrowing. Chapter One – Department of Mysteries Aftereffects Harry lay in his bed on the night before his 16th birthday at number 4 Private Drive. He had hoped after defeating Voldemort in the Department of Mysteries a couple months before that he wouldn't have to return to his horrible family. However, the all mighty Dumbledore thought it the best place to hide Harry from the masses who possibly wanted to hurt him. Many Death Eaters were still on the loose after all. Too bad Dumbledore didn't know the truth of his life with the Dursleys. He was nursing several wounds at that moment from an overly angered Vernon. Then again Dudley still loved to get him in trouble. He sighed as he pinched the bridge of his nose wishing the pain would just go away. He knew his magic was generally responsible for healing him faster than usual. He felt his body enveloped in a warm light and sighed as all the aches and pains washed away from his body. He fell asleep and missed his birthday owls as the relief came right as the hour struck midnight. His sleep wasn't peaceful. He stood in the main entrance of the Ministry of Magic. That horrible gold statute of the magical creatures looking up at the Wizard and Witch with false admiration. Not to mention the way the witch looked at the wizard. It really was a piece of patriarchal pureblood propaganda. It wasn't the statue that plagued his dreams but the nose-less wonder forcing his inky blackness within him. It hurt so much that he thought he was going to die, but something built within him. His mother's voice screamed in his mind and a wave of pure love poured out of him. He wasn't really all there when it happened and the fragments of his second murder of the man were just as frightening as witnessing Cedric Diggory die by the wand of a rat faced man holding one ugly baby. He had no idea where Severus came from but she stood there like some flickering mirage. The man's appearance shifted before him into an unrecognizable but handsome being as his flamed snake engulfed Nagini. Both monsters crumbled to dust. His dream quickly changed. He was no longer in his body. He had no idea where he was, but it was no longer where he should've been. He stood in a room full of pools and a floating being. The being's voice seemed to highjack his dream, " Youngling you are the precipice of the beginning of the rest of your life. This week will be an interesting one for you that is for sure. I cannot divulge my true existence until after everything become much clearer, but know this. I am your connection to a vast and ancient knowledge lost to the Wizarding World well over millennia ago. You are the first of your kind in just as long, but have no fear, as you will not be the last. " He shuddered awake, finding the morning sun shining in his window, and let out a frightened screech. He was face to face with the large tennis ball sized eyes of Dobby the house elf. He cleared the sleep from his eyes and mumbled, "What are you doing here Dobby?" "You called me Master Harry. Do you accept the binding magic that will make me your house elf?" The little elf with stacked hats questioned. Harry smiled down at the little creature, "Of course Dobby. I would love to have you as my personal House Elf." He knew he had to move fast, as he heard the groan from the bed in his aunt and uncle's room. The walking blimp was thudding down the hallway likely preparing to discipline his freak of a nephew for waking him. Harry rolled his eyes at the thought. It was preposterous to believe he had control over his night terrors. He made a quick decision and gave his house elf his first order, "I want you to take all of my things to Grimmauld Place and put them in the master bedroom where the Hippogriff is being kept. Then I want you to take the Galleons in my school trunk to have yourself a uniform made in whatever colors you like and the Potter crest. I will meet you back at that home later. Though first could you pop me over to Severus Snape's home? I feel that I need to go there right away though I am not sure why." The little elf nodded, "Yes, your mate needs you." The elf grabbed his hand and popped him into a room surrounded by books. "Thank you, Dobby. Do not forget to follow my other orders. I will meet you there shortly or I will call you if I need you. Do you think you could talk Winky into joining you there as well? I think Kreacher needs a mate. I think she will do for him." The little elf bowed, "Thank you gracious Master Harry. I shall do as you request." He then popped out of the room. Harry wasn't sure why he felt such a need see Snape but then he remembered Dobby referring to him as his mate. What in the bloody hell was going on? He sighed and ran his hand through his hair before he felt a warm pulse in his magic. He soon was close to the ground. He never studied Animagus transformations. He was sure he somehow became one without holding a poisonous leaf to his tongue while meditating. He slithered behind some books to where stairs were hidden and quickly made his way up there. He felt vibrations of magic directing toward the end of his quest. He found a dilapidated room littered in fire whiskey bottles. He found his mate lying in an unconscious heap upon the bed. He slithered up the bed. He felt compelled to save the man before him. He lay across the wizard's chest staring at his mate's face. He never remembered seeing his potions professor looking so defeated. He ut wondered what caused such a binge. The wizard's eyes opened to show the bottomless pools of inky blackness. He let out a groan, "Nagini, you're finally here to tie up your master's loose ends. Go ahead and bite me you snake. I have no desire or a reason to continue on with this façade of a life. I never should've made it through the first war. I forfeited my life the moment I allowed that monster to kill my childhood friend." Tears formed in his eyes, "I'm so sorry I failed you Lily. I'm sorry I was selfish enough to consider sacrificing the life of your husband and son just to ensure your survival." Harry couldn't take much more of the broken man's confession. He would ask him later about his relationship with his mother. He knew about some of the relationship he had with James, but Lily seemed an undiscovered gift. He coiled around his hysterical mate before reaching the left side of his neck. He bit down and released his venom knowing it wouldn't harm his mate but attack the potion residue that suppressed his rare gift. His metamorphic abilities had been locked away by a potion given to him as a baby. He instinctually realized it was reason for the flickering in his dream. Harry could only assume it was done to protect him from the wrath of Tobias Snape by Eileen Prince, who did love her son. She was a beaten down woman who had too much to deal with to fully protect her son. Part of him wondered once more where the strange thought came from. How could he know that about his professor? He only peered in the man's pensieved memories once. He regretted it ever since. Harry slithered down the bed where he changed back into his true form. He watched as Severus grasped the blankets in the pain riddled agony. Sweat beads formed on his forehead. He brokenly gasped out, "Thank you Nagini. Thank you for finally doing what I was too cowardly to accomplish all these years. I should've died the night I found her lying there motionless in that blown apart room." Harry quickly relieved himself of his clothing before climbing back up on the bed, "Don't worry love. I will make everything alright." "Now I know I'm hallucinating from the poison. No one has ever called me that. No one would ever love an ugly thing like me. Even my own mother couldn't look at me without flinching. Oh blessed death, please end my suffering." His eyes were shut tight as he prevented one tear from falling. The green eyed wizard ran his nimble fingers along the tie to the black dressing gown. His fingers ran along the heavily scarred but milky white chest. They ghosted against the dusty brown nipples before pushing the cloth off the other wizard's shoulders. He pulled out the man's arms allowing his fingers to gently probe and caress. He followed the black line of hair down and quickly slipped off the man's utilitarian black pants. He sighed in comfort when he saw the perfection of his mate. "I will show you all the love that's been lacking from your life, my darling Sev." Everything moved in a blur. He moved through the act with a practiced ease his body should never have possessed. For his first sexual act, Harry managed to keep himself controlled for much longer than he thought possible. He came to completion and pulled his mate into a hug. He covered their sweat covered naked bodies with the crusty blankets. When he awoke, he found a completely different person staring back at him. His mate's dark hair faded to delicate silver, his face had predominant high cheek bones, a strong jaw, and a perfectly straight nose. His lips had a pouty fullness that they never had before. Their perfect appearance made him want to kiss his mate even more. His mate was absolutely and perfectly handsome. The only thing that remained the same was his hauntingly cold black eyes. He ran his fingers through his lover's hair and down his cheek, "Severus, love. My darling mate, I'm not finished with you yet. I want you on your hands and knees darling. I want you panting, moaning and begging me for completion. I'm afraid you were a bit out of it during the claiming. So, I must make up for it." Harry refused to admit that he was just as out of it during the claiming. Really what virgin was able to know exactly how to please a man so many years his senior? Where had this ferocious hunger come from? Something had locked into place but there were still several somethings missing. Did he really have many more mates? Was he really so love starved that he needed a whole harem of lovers to satisfy his self-conscious and needy parts? He groaned watching his mate comply with his request. Severus slowly turned over and climbed up on his shaky limbs. His eyes were clamped close and he bit his lip as if preparing for pain. Harry saw all of this from the mirror that hung above the headboard. He moved to cradle the man. His desire quenched by the need to comfort his somehow broken mate, "I will never hurt you love. I want you to look at yourself in the mirror. I want you to see the handsome man I have trembling underneath me. I want you to see your true face. The one you will pass on to our child." Harry watched