N/A: Honestly it feels crazy to write again, guys. It's been years since I've written anything. This is going to be a little different (and hopefully better) than my last couple of stories. This is the first chapter to the story of Andromeda Black and Ted Tonks. Boy, do I have lots of stuff planned. Hopefully I can get it all down. I'm starting my senior (or thirteenth) year so there will be times when I don't update. Just warning you. I love you all and every single one of you is so extremely important. Enjoy xx Chapter One: An Introduction to the Most Noble and Ancient Family of Cygnus and Druella Black August, 1971 There was a light rain that was falling atop the manor and the vacant street it had stood on for 500 years. It was a cold rain that would make any dementor comfortable and the night was dark enough to hide them out of plain sight. Dimly lit candles could be seen from every window, illuminating a front yard full of black and white roses intertwining with the brick walls of the exterior of the building. It was a beautiful manor, passed down to every elder male heir of the Black family. Cygnus' elder brother, Alphard, was deemed "unfit" to possess the name of Black, and thus banished. So, by a miraculous default that Cygnus Black III is incredibly proud of, the state of the manor is under his name and his name only- thank you very much. The manor now hosts a small family of five, along with a miraculously large staff of house elves that "should be thankful to serve such an ancient and honorable bloodline!" This family consisted of Cygnus Black himself and his just-as-honorable wife Druella Black. They produced a clean extension to the family tree, but no male heirs. This is the biggest shame that has ever fallen among Cygnus and is quite a large embarrassment to Druella of whom the blame is placed on the most. There are three daughters to be exact: Bellatrix, Andromeda and Narcissa Black. They were born and are continually praised in that order. The five continuations to the Black family are busy tonight, as is unusual for the normally quiet but nonetheless frightening household. Cygnus has invited his sister's family for dinner as he usually does to discuss extremely sensitive family business. At present, he sits in his luxurious office on the first floor, scribbling away at a letter that shall be sent to Abraxas Malfoy all the while wiping beads of sweat from his mane of dark hair. He was aging, and it was obvious to many who knew him. His umber eyes were fading and an array of bags were beginning to collect underneath them. Crow's feet cracked against his pearly complexion and his ebony curls were now beginning to thin. He is a tall man, yet thin and frail. He sported a thick and well-groomed mustache under his sharp nose that twitched whenever he was nervous. As he placed the Black family seal upon the envelope of the letter, it was twitching furiously. The sweat was collecting on top of his thick eyebrows. No matter how many times he patted away with his handkerchief, his nerves were still on full display. Tonight would unfold whether he liked it or not. A few hallways of ancient portraits down from the office was the grand kitchen where generations of house elves were working endlessly to their mistresses' orders. Druella Black was unusually loud and unforgiving tonight as her sharp features boasted a very unsatisfied expression to what her elves were producing. She always wore her white hair in a clean bun that she never allowed to let down or produce any stray hairs. Her thin face was in perfect proportion to her body. She resembled her mother to the fullest extent, of which she was very proud of. Her eyes were large and dark, but neither crow's feet nor any sign of weariness adorned them. She works hard on her appearance as it is her duty to. Every woman of the ancient bloodlines must look their best no matter their age; she must be an emblem of pride to her husband and a model to her daughters. This role was what Druella was trained for, and nights such as this one were proof of her hard work. Everything must be perfect and the plate of Cornish Pasties that her house elf just presented her was most definitely not perfect. If one travels through the hallways, past the office, into the grand ballroom, and up the large staircase that older house elves are busy polishing, one would find the three sisters in their individual rooms, busying themselves as their parents were at that exact moment. The upper west wing of the manor belonged solely to them and their house elves were in charge of keeping the state of it pristine. Bellatrix boasted the largest room of the three and she was rather obnoxious about it. It adorned a crystal chandelier that her grandmother gifted her when she was born and, as she has gotten older, the eldest Black sister filled her room with even more luxurious heirlooms. She deemed her room the most honorable of the household in its entirety, and her mother agreed. Bellatrix was undeniably the favorite daughter of the family. She graduated from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the top her class and was the top of the Slytherin House in her year. She was beautiful as well; many suitors begged Cygnus for her hand in marriage and attempted to prove that they were the purest bloodline that could marry her. Cygnus had refused them all. Instead, he was currently in conversation with Maximus Lestrange, who was his best mate in school, about a possible marriage with his son. The boy, Rodolphus, would be much more honorable and is the only suitor Bellatrix hadn't expressed utter disgust for. Their marriage would be perfection so, of course, Druella supported it. The eldest daughter was, like her mother, currently yelling at the unfortunate five house elves that belonged only to her. In her eyes, they weren't cleaning her room correctly. To distract herself from kicking them to the floor, Bellatrix sat in front of her dresser and began attempting to smooth out the curls she inherited from her father. They were unruly but still beautiful nonetheless. Many of her admirers described it as a waterfall framing her sharp, round face. In fact, Bellatrix inherited most of her features from her father; a sharp nose, full lips, dark, unforgiving eyes, high cheekbones and perfectly crafted eyebrows that highlighted her lengthy eyelashes effortlessly. All she had to do to look presentable for the night was tie her hair back in some sort of fashion and put on one of her grand dresses that showed off her rather impressive physique. The rest will take care of itself, and she knew that. So, with her house elves smoothing out her bedspread, she began with pinning each curl back one by one. Directly across the hallway was the room of the youngest sister: Narcissa. At the moment, she was letting her house elves work in a calming silence. Narcissa believed they worked best unbothered, but with firm direction. She was busy looking through her closet in a collection of her best dinner dresses. Narcissa most definitely stood out from the three sisters. She had been bestowed with her mother's white hair, but seemingly did not have anything else from her two parents. She had a smooth face and thin lips, with clear blue eyes that always had an underlying look of fear in them. For what or whom she had a fear of, Narcissa did not know. Perhaps it was due to the fact that she was the least favorite of her sisters and her mother reminded her nearly every day. She had a fear of not amounting to what her mother set out for her, which was to marry and raise a pure family and nothing more. Narcissa knew that she was not as smart or as pretty as her eldest two sisters. No pureblood suitors had begun lining up for her yet which was unusual. In the next couple of weeks, she would be beginning her fifth year at Hogwarts; usually a pureblood woman would have intrigued a few suitors by this point. But she had not, and her parents were beginning to grow pessimistic about the ordeal. When word had gone around that Druella was going to have a third child, many people reported that she was taking illegal potions and that Cygnus had produced ancient dark magic to ensure that the child would be a male. This type of magic were extremely dangerous both to Druella and her unborn baby, but friends of Cygnus' said that he was rather desperate for an heir, as his sister had not produced any children yet. Once Druella was close to labor, Druella's family could see how much damage the magic had caused. Many thought that she would die along with the child. However, Cygnus didn't show any sign of discomfort with his wife's state and kept forcing potions down her throat until the last second when the child was inching out of her womb. When the two saw that it was a baby girl, the usual pride and happiness in response to a newborn was replaced with sobs and shame. One nurse said that Druella asked her to throw the baby away numerous times. This baby grew into the youngest Black sister and Narcissa is reminded of their continual disappointment every day. On a night like this, Narcissa is given an opportunity to make her parents proud, which is why she has been deciding over two very similar dresses for the last thirty minutes. She sighs and chooses one that would hopefully produce a nod of approval from her mother and asks one of her house elves for help with her corset. In between both Bellatrix and Narcissa's room was one that belonged to the middle sister, Andromeda. Andromeda's room was rather plain. One wall was completely dedicated to her books, complete with an old, cushioned rocking chair that she reads in every day. If one was looking for luxurious and expensive ancient bloodline heirlooms, Andromeda's room is not the place to look. She liked her room plain and simple-it was easier to take care of. At the moment, instead of worrying about her hair or picking out a dress for the night, she was sweeping. She had sent her house elves down to help in the kitchen. They had made sure that their mistress didn't need them to clean her room before going to which Andromeda responded with a chuckle- she can manage to clean her own room. And so she did. If Druella Black had seen her own daughter with a broom in her hand and actually using it, the middle daughter's house elves would be beheaded and Andromeda would be yelled at to the point where she would want the same fate. Andromeda knew this perfectly well, but she didn't care. In her father's eyes, Andromeda was perfect. She is just as beautiful, if not more so at times, than Bellatrix and is equally as smart as her. Andromeda inherited the same charisma and minimalistic attitude of her father and was even taught to play Quidditch by him. None of the other sisters wanted to learn Quidditch- it wasn't a hobby for girls. When Druella Black found her daughter practicing, she raised hell and made sure that no daughter of hers would ever fly a broomstick for such an idiotic reason like Quidditch. Andromeda cried for weeks about it until her father ended up sneaking Quidditch magazines into her room for her to watch pictures and read about it. Andromeda loved her father with all of her heart and attempted to love