Note: I'm not entirely sure where the idea came from, but for some reason, I thought it would be a good idea to mix Rapunzel and The Lady of Shallot with my own twist and yeah. The Lady of Ogygia Chapter 1 The harsh summer sun bore down upon the kingdom, sparing nothing from its assault. The grass seemed to have fallen limp and the trees drooped, as if the heat weighed too much for their feeble branches. Not an animal stirred in the farmland except to move to a different spot, desperately seeking shade. Even the streets of the Kingdom's largest city, Ogygia, were more or less deserted. The river that ran through the heart of the civilization, was devoid of life as even the water was too warm to offer escape. The doors and windows of nearly every house were open in a desperate attempt to create circulation, but not a lick of wind stirred. The earth seemed to bake that day. Some, however, were not at all bothered by the heat. Some children ran between buildings, hiding in the shade until they cooled down enough to run back into the streets. The shops were still open, as business was business, and neither rain nor shine served as a reason to turn away the occasional customer. Every so often, a woman who had shed the first layer of her clothes would step outside in hopes that she could get a breeze beneath her skirt. Even those in the castle, the royal family and their guards, were not spared from the blaze. Every window and door of the castle had been opened. Though most of the servants had been told they could retire early, many of them still kept at their tasks. The guard had been permitted to strip themselves of their armor. Even the princess, who, under most circumstances, was required to wear the appropriate attire at all times, had been granted admissibility. She lounged on her window, head propped against the frame and a leg dangling over the edge. Her hair was pulled away from her face in a long braid that was slowly coming undone. She'd rolled the legs of her pants farther than any woman would dare; the ends rested at a point just above her knee. Her shirt, which was nothing more than a thin cotton blouse, had been unbuttoned as far as it could be without causing outrage. Her brother sat on the balcony beneath her with his back against the wall. His fingers fidgeted with a small bronze object while his attention lay elsewhere. At first glance, one could tell they weren't related in any possible way. The princess had redish brown skin and strong but pretty features. The boy, on the other hand, had a more caramel complexion and impish features; even when at peace, he had a mischievous look about him, as if he were contemplating how to steal someones money pouch without being caught. Of course, the two weren't related. The girl was the heir to the throne, and the king's only daughter. The boy was family-less, having arrived in Ogygia only a few years before, but they acted as if they'd known each other their entire lives. They considered each other siblings, annoying siblings, but siblings nonetheless. "Isn't it too early in the year for it to be so hot?" The princess complained. She fanned herself with her hand, though it was a useless effort and she only succeeded in tiring arm a few moments later. The boy shrugged. He was not at all bothered by the sweltering heat. "Wouldn't know," he replied. His fingers moved to a different part of the object in his hands as he continued. "I don't really pay attention to the weather, you know?" "I don't understand how you're not bothered by this," the girl huffed. She sat up and swung her legs over the window. The toe of her foot caught him in the back of the head, and when he grumbled in response, she simply smiled. "I grew up around forges, I am a blacksmith," he said simply. "I'm used to dealing with hot things. I am one, after all?" He looked over his shoulder and flashed her a mischievous smile to which the princess rolled her eyes. "Don't delude yourself, Leo," she chided. The boy - Leo - rolled his eyes once more and returned his attention to the landscape below. Just beyond the stratigically placed stone and brick buildings that created the inner city, the outer city lay in a mess of haphazardly placed wood homes. Past that, the green hills of the country side rolled and dipped until they came to a stop at the forest on the horizon. What lay beyond that, no one knew. Most people avoided the forest. Since aincent times, back when the great kingdom of Ogygia was nothing more than a collection of mud shacks, there have been stories and legend about the place on the horizon. Most of them centered around mythical creatures, such as faries and elves, though there were a few that focused on more interesting matters. One legend in particular spoke of a woman - a sorceress - who resided in the aincent forest. They called her the Lady of Ogygia, for which the forest and later the city were named. Every few years or so, someone would wander off into the forest. When they returned, they claimed they'd seen her. The accounts were always the same; they entered the forest and got lost. Many claimed they lost consciousness and when they woke, they were lying before a tower with the sorceress staring down at them. Despite the consistency in the claims, they were never believed to be true. The forest was a strange place, full of old magic; to the people of Ogygia, it was nothing more than an illusion. Over the years, the story had changed and the accounts became inconsistent. People claimed they'd spoken to her, some claimed they'd heard her singing. Some claimed she was a beautiful and benign woman, while others claimed that she was nothing short of a witch; a vile creature with a pretty face that lured men in and held them as slaves until their bones withered to dust. The fact that some never returned from the forest only furthered instilled this belief. Eventually, the people of Ogygia came to fear her. The Lady of Ogygia became the Witch of the Woods. Her story was one that parents told to keep their children in line. "Behave now," they'd say, "or the Witch of the Woods will come and take you away." The former king had tried to rename the city, but not even a year later, a terrible drought plagued the land. The people struggled for months without food. Out of fear that he had evoked the witch's wrath, the king had reverted back to the name of Ogygia and placed a law that made it illegal to even discuss renaming the kingdom. Leo had always found the kingdom's way of dealing with the myth to be amusing. When things were fine and the kingdom was prospering, they were quick to dismiss her existence as nothing more than a child's tale, but as soon as something went wrong, they suddenly believed in her existence. It was as if they weren't sure what to believe. He himself didn't believe in the tale. The princess claimed it was simply because he was from another place, many a day's trip away from the small kingdom; that only someone who was born and raised in Ogygia would understand, but he never believed her. The entire idea of the story was ridiculous. If such a woman existed, why would she not have appeared in the city at least once? Of course, when he voiced this question to the people in town, they claimed they had no answer. To him, that was as good as a confirmation that she wasn't real. Yet, a part of him, thought it might be possible. There were many strange things in the world - he had one sitting on his shoulder. The creature was considerably large for a lizard, especially compared to the ones found in those parts, with gleaming bronze scales and beady red eyes. The lizard, which Leo had dubbed Festus upon finding him, was anything but. He was more intelligent than any lizard Leo had met, and certainly more entertaining and intriguing, though he spent most of his time lazing around on Leo's shoulders. The princess never understood what Leo found so appealing about the creature, but she didn't know what Festus truly was. If she knew that Leo had been carrying a dragon all these years, she'd freak. They were rare creatures, thought to be extinct, whose existence predated even human existence. By nature, all were greedy, but some less than others. Some hoarded gold, or jewels, or animals, among other things, but Festus hoarded metal. He had a particular interest in bronze, even more so when Leo created trinkets out of it. Leo reached up and scratched Festus beneath his chin. The dragon tilted his head to the side and nuzzled into the touch. "You know, they have another name for it?" Confused, Leo glanced back at the princess. She was looking out over the city, her gaze captured by the same thing his had been moments before. "The forest, I mean. They call it the Edge of the World because no one knows what's beyond it. Some people say it's another ocean, and other's believe its the gate way to the afterlife, a ghost land." Leo shook his head. "You people believe in some strange things." The princess shrugged. "Ogygia has always been surrounded by myths and magic. It does make life more interesting, though. At least the writers have good topic for their stories." He couldn't argue with that. The castle's library was full of stories and poems that spoke of the lore of Ogygia. He'd never bothered to read any of them, however; he didn't have to. The princess knew almost every one by heart and the townspeople had many more to tell. "They say it's only men who get to see her." The princess continued. "She's probably a lonely old lady. She could use a bit of Leo in her life," the boy said. He puffed out his chest and slicked his hair back. The princess snorted. To any one else, it would have been a rude and unlady like gesture, one she wouldn't dare to make in the presence of her father or his company, but Leo didn't care. In fact, he liked it better. It meant she was more herself and not the prim and proper young lady society expected her to be. "I think she'd do just fine without it." Leo rolled his eyes. When he turned his attention to the horizon again, the sun had begun to set. The endless cerulean sky slowly became tinged with orange and pink. The clouds looked like swatches of dyed cotton. Off in the distance, the forest seemed to glow against the dusk sky. The two sat in silence for a little while longer before the temperature began to drop as night descended upon the kingdom. The princess was the first to go back in, though Leo followed shortly after. "I should probably get back to the shop," he said. "You know you can stay here," the princess sighed. "Your stuff might not be there, but the room's still yours." Leo shook his head. "I have too many orders to fill. I've been here longer than I should have been. Sorry, Pipes, no sleepovers or pranking the guards tonight." Piper rolled her eyes. "You prank the guards. I don't." "No, you just make googly eyes at one of them when you think no one's looking." He regretted saying that. The princess's face lit up with embarrassment and before she could stop her