Anguish The rain came down in a merciless torrent, pelting his already soaked skin with cold stinging drops. But the fire at least was safe from the onslaught for now. Spluttering from the occasionally errant gust of wind it slowly grew as he fed it with dried moss and bits of sticks he had found along the way and secreted in his clothing. He was almost, but not quite under the lip of half hidden outcrop of rock, but there was really room for only one and the fire and Aragorn needed the warmth more than he. So he stayed kneeling there, only his head, shoulders and hands under the low overhang, his body bearing the chill downpour. It was said that elves were impervious to cold, heat, pain and emotion. But this was a myth perpetuated by unscrupulous men, who whispered to each other overnight fires and told tales boosted by a tankard of ale in inns and less respectable places. Of course this was not so. Elves were hardy true, for they did not succumb to illness, poisons, or mortal blows as quickly as men. But they bled just as freely; they hurt as badly and suffered loss as greatly. Legolas himself had barely survived his elfling years for his naneth had been viciously cut down by orcs. He had immediately withdrawn from his family, not understanding why the stars did not fall from the skies and why the birds still sang when his world had effectively ended. He did not speak for an entire decade afterward. He had grown wild, disobedient and remained untutored for a hundred years. Then as he came into his adulthood, the king had tried to force him to dress and act as a prince of the realm. Legolas had fought him at each turn in everything but training in swordsmanship, knife play and hunting. In these skills he excelled such that Thranduil had let him take the lead of any patrol that forayed into the darker wood on their southern borders. He thought that numerous encounters with the monstrous eight-legged beasts and rabid orc- kind would cool his son's ardour. But he had been wrong. The king was most upset to see his son grow even more feral. Legolas lips crooked into a smile as he added a bit of moss to the fire, he recalled his father's horror at his almost mindless pursuit of the giant spiders. He had also become the best archer, hunter and rider in Mirkwood. Still for the most part he had kept away from his family, a fact that wounded the king mightily. However the years passed as they must, loneliness and want forced him out of his madness. He sought out the company of his many brothers and began to accompany them to Dale on their missions of trade and sometimes volunteered to bear communication to the houses of other elf-kind on behalf of the king. Thus the Golden Woods and the House of Elrond Half –Elven became havens of discovery to him. He began to learn that there was more to life than his own suffering. By the time he encountered Aragorn through some unlooked for chance, a change had already overtaken him. In the ranger he found a companion who felt as outcast as he had, one who was on a journey of self discovery like himself. Together they travelled and as they did he learned a different kind of patience and picked up whatever medicinal skill he could. Due to the young ranger's peculiar personage he learned humour and humility. Through Aragorn's giving nature he learned of friendship and affection. And now, Legolas looked at the dunadan's still body, they might both die out here in the wild. It could be said that it was due to ill luck or even an ill fortuned decision that caused them to be stranded out in the wilds. The rains had come early that year in the upper reaches of the marshlands; it had swept down from the mountains inundated the rivers and covered the plains for as far as the eye could see. It had caused great mud slides and landslides that had buried far flung villages. It had also trapped the elf and the ranger in the upper reaches of the forest. They had stayed overlong in a farming village on the lower slopes of the mountain helping the women and the few young ones left harvest what crops they could, for those people had suffered a terrible loss through disease and a recent skirmish with a roving band of orcs. The floods had hit when they were only quarter way up the valley. The far off roar of sound was all that Legolas heard before they were swept away. They lost both horses and all their provisions. Aside from being turned around and banged about badly, having to spend days in sopping wet clothes had caused Aragorn to develop a cough. The days had seemed endless as driven by self preservation they continued their journey on foot. And every day the rains came and lasted for hours. One day at about mid time, Aragorn slipped for about the fifth time in mud that had turned to sludge and could not get up. So Legolas lifted him onto his shoulder and continued. But the rains were heavier than normal that day and continued way into the night forcing the elf to stop and seek refuge. Legolas sighed as the rain came down even heavier than before. His fodder replete he turned and sat with his back to the rocky ledge, the new rainfall made no difference to him, he was already drenched, had been for days. The heat from the fire soon spread into the rock ledge and after a little wait there was warmth at his back at least. During the long night Aragorn stirred many times and coughed wetly, but did not awaken. Legolas drifted in and out of elven dreams. He shivered once as a particularly cold, fat drop slid down his neck. "Ai, Valar," he sighed. Prepared for hours of misery Legolas closed his eyes pulled his knees up to his chin and hugged himself. Day turned to night and still the rain fell. The fire died for there was nothing dry to feed it with. Legolas eventually slipped into deep, deep sleep. Aragorn awoke when the rains stopped. 000000000000 Shivering, Aragorn twisted onto his side. It was fortunate for him that he had not sat upright immediately for he quickly realised a stone ceiling was just above his head. The earth smelled full and ripe. He squinted about him. There was mud...grass and wet. Groaning Aragorn turned onto his stomach and caught sight of a familiar back. Dragging himself forward on his elbows he pushed through the mud. Clear of the overhang he got to his feet. "Legolas," he croaked. But there was no response, Legolas was lost to dreams. Shuffling Aragorn found a dense thicket of shrubs and relieved himself. A wave of dizziness hit him almost immediately after. He stumbled over to the elf and hit the ground hard. The impact made the elf awaken in a rush. He leapt to his feet, knife at the ready. "Nay," said Aragorn on his side, reaching for Legolas. "T'is naught but my own clumsiness." Legolas looked down at the crumpled, sodden figure at his feet. "Ah, t'is only you. I thought may be a herd of beasts had attacked us," he said with nary a smile. This brought a rusty chuckle from Aragorn. With the aid of the elf's sturdy hand, the ranger was soon upright. "This place is not familiar to me," said the ranger. His breath came in harsh rasps. Hands on hips he stood slightly hunched. "T'is the upper reaches of the dark forest." Aragorn made a face of pique and grumbled. "What didst though say ranger, I did not quite understand that." Legolas cupped a hand behind one ear. Laughing Aragorn shook his head. Legolas smiled at him. Both knew that the Dark Forest had more than its fair share of monstrous creatures. Blood feasting, light snatching, flesh eating creatures that took more than merely a sharp sword to kill. With no supplies and one set of weapons between them, forging a path through the dark forest seemed nigh impossible. Nevertheless that was their path. "Let us make haste, 'ere the rains begin again," Aragorn suggested. Legolas merely nodded but he was worried, while he could go on for quite a few days yet with no sustenance save water, Aragorn could not. They had not eaten in quite a time. He knew better than to broach the subject however. Aragorn's belly rumbled again as it gnawed on emptiness. His legs felt like a great weight pulled at them through the earth. Step by heavy step he slogged his way through the waist high tangle of foliage, Legolas a few steps away. Many times he stumbled but he stubbornly refused to give in to his tiredness. To tarry here would put them in even greater danger. The rains had just begun and would fall even more frequently as the days passed. Often the elf would be at his side helping him up even before he realised that he had fallen. He knew that Legolas wanted him to stop and rest but he felt the heaviness of his non-elven nature. Without his company Legolas would have been able to clear the highlands in a matter of days. It was foolish to think thus but he could not help it. "Aragorn," Legolas's voice came from so close to him this time that he gave a start. The elf was in front of him, concern written all over his beautiful face. "Twice before have I called your name ranger. We must find a place to rest. I will brook no argument." Aragorn swayed in place, his eyes hurt and his body was sore, but he could feel a smile curve his lips. "Yes ada ," he rasped. "I will obey your wishes." 0000000000000000000 It was just in time that Legolas finished creating a shelter. It was woven of shrub, saplings and the long grasses that grew in clumps here and there. They could both barely fit in the small space, but Aragorn grabbed hold of Legolas ere he could leave. "Please, you are not impervious to this inclemency, my friend," he said and as Legolas hesitated he added. "And I need your warmth." Legolas smiled at that, "Very well," he said and they settled down to wait out the downpour together. The roar of it obliterated every other forest sound. Aragorn felt himself sag against Legolas numerous times. He could not help it, he was so tired. At least nary a drop of rain found its way to them for Legolas had carefully constructed his barricade against any influx. Aragorn's innards rumbled again, loud enough so that Legolas sighed, "There should be game about after this is over," he said. Aragorn nodded knowing that it would be hours yet. The place turned cold. Aragorn shivered, even the elf's arm about his shoulders did not help. Little by little sleep stole over him. He managed to will his eyes open at least twice. But at last his head drooped. Legolas supported Aragorn's sudden weight. A frown marred his brow. They needed sustenance. 0000000000000000 There was not a squirrel or bird not e'en a small rodent to be found. Near the edge of frustration Legolas decided to gain higher ground. It was not easy going for the trees were drowsy and satiated, they resented the elf's intrusion. But he sang them back to an accepting lassitude and climbed higher and higher, crossing a bower of trees before he spotted any movement. Aragorn woke up suddenly and found himself curled in a tight ball, alone. He breathed heavily, blinking errant strands of hair out of his eyes. His chest hurt and