Thanks so much for all the support surrounding my first story, "The struggles of a new King." Here in the sequel we find Legolas nearing his coming of age, at age 42, being around age 16-17 in elvish years. It is not neccessary to read "struggles" to read this story, but it would be easier to follow the characters and understand them. Regardless here's a rundown of those character's and a few new ones. Please review! Earien- Thranduil's wife, queen of Mirkwood, mother of Legolas. Luin- Earien's younger brother and Legolas' uncle. Foreign rep of Mirkwood. Salias- Thranduil's cousin and captain of the Southern Patrol, father of Calis. Alonnen- Salias' wife and mother of Calis. Earien's closest friend. Calis- Son of Salias and Alonnen. Faroth- Thranduil's Captain of Defense and a close family friend. Amandil- Thranduil's captain of the guard. Pelior- Thranduil's servant. Iellwen- Earien's servant. Thangannas- Thranduil's personal guard. Adanion- Earien's guard. Unwe- Royal healer. Huldion- high ranking captain of Mirkwood, Sentinel Captain. August 9 TA 1636 It was not a good day for paperwork. It was warm. Delightfully warm in Mirkwood, and it was always difficult for Thranduil to remain indoors on warm summer days. He wished to join his family outdoors in the light. After the length of time it took Salias and Alonnen to marry, he enjoyed the sound of their childrens' laughter and their company. He heard steps, and raised his head. "Sir, you asked for me?" Amandil said and bowed. Thranduil sat on his throne, writing out a report in his lap. "Yes, where is the queen?" "With Lady Alonnen, sir. In the garden." Thranduil watched him thoughtfully, his ice blue eyes piercing Amandil's. "Could you ask her to meet me in our quarters please?" "Of course, my king." He said quietly. "And Amandil?" He turned, "yes, my lord?" "Have you seen my son?" Legolas dashed across the path, ducking into a bush, unable to hide his smile. He tethered in his giggling, and waited silently for his cousin to run by. He couldn't hear his steps, so he quickly scaled the tree next to him, laying on his stomach on the lowest branch. He reached for an arrow on his back, stringing his training bow. His cousin ran by, stopping a little further down the path. He giggled, "I can hear you breathing Legolas!" He laughed, and Legolas shot an arrow near his feet. His cousin flinched, and laughed. "Where are you, you cheat?" Legolas slid, and hung from the branch by his arms. "Looking for me?" He laughed and dropped to his feet, and the two drew their training swords. They always sparred, and Legolas' hands were covered in scars to prove it. Although the swords were blunted, they were rough enough with them to make them hurt. Calis ran away, and Legolas pursued him, giggling. Calis ran straight into Amandil, and Legolas tripped over a root, skinning his knee. He looked guiltily up at his father's captain of the guard. "What did your father tell you about the forest Legolas?" He asked quietly. "He said not to go out in the forest unless we asked him or nana or Faroth or you." "Did you ask?" "No." He said quietly. "Ada and nana will be angry." "They have a good reason to be do they not?" "Yes." He said guiltily and Amandil smiled despite himself. Legolas' large blue eyes were fearful, and Calis looked equally guilty. "Let's go see your Ada. He was worried about you." Amandil led Legolas and Calis up the stairs to the throne, where Thranduil looked up from his paperwork, relief and annoyance in his face. Amandil stood behind Legolas and Calis, and the two looked guiltily at the King. "Will you not tell the king where you were?" Amandil asked. "In the forest," Legolas mumbled. Thranduil's eyebrows rose, "whom did you ask permission?" "No one Ada." "Why not?" He asked, and looked at Calis. "Go find your Ada." He nodded, and ran down the stairs. Tears gathered in Legolas' eyes, and Thranduil sighed with an amused wink at Amandil, who took the paperwork from his hand. Thranduil stood and put his hands on Legolas' shoulders. "Legolas, this is not something that can go unpunished. You have been warned many times." "I know Ada." He said quietly. Earien approached them, and Thranduil smirked at her. "Legolas, what is the matter?" Earien asked, wiping hair from his face. She glanced at Thranduil from behind Legolas' shoulder and he laughed. "Legolas was in the forest without permission." He said. "What? Legolas. You know you cannot leave the stronghold alone." "I know Nana. I am sorry." Earien exchanged knowing looks with Thranduil, and Earien cleared her throat, "I think this means two weeks confinement, and I'll be taking your training weapons." "Two weeks! Nana-" "Legolas," Thranduil growled, and he backed down instantly. "Yes, Nana. My apologies," he corrected himself quickly, "may I be excused?" "Yes. After you give me your bow and your sword," Thranduil said, and he reluctantly handed them over and walked off. Earien sighed, and her and Thranduil linked arms and walked down the corridor followed by Thangannas and Adanion, Earien's guard. "That may have been harsh," she said. "No, I would have been harder on him. He is nearly of age and the forest is getting more and more dangerous by the day. He is not an elfling and needs to grow up before he finds himself on a patrol and learns the way far too many learn." "You are right, of course. I just know he wishes to please you so." Thranduil sighed and squeezed her arm gently, "he knows I am proud of him." "Yes, but he wishes to show you his worth, as a warrior. He has heard the stories of your valor and sacrifice of old." "You are right," he said, and they entered their quarters, Thangannas and Adanion took their places at either side of the door. Thranduil sighed and collapsed onto the bed, his back sore from sitting hunched over. Earien crawled into the bed beside him and planted kisses along his jawline. He hummed in approval and rolled over to face her and return the affection, "I do not have another meeting until later in the evening, we could spend some time together," he murmured and pulled her into his arms. "Sounds wonderful to me," she said quietly and he smiled- and there was a knock at the door. Thranduil groaned audibly, and rolled off the bed and straightened his robes. "Enter." Faroth entered, and greeted Thranduil and Earien, "I hope I was not disturbing anything." "You were, actually. Is something wrong?" Faroth smiled knowingly, "Lorn has arrived, sir." "Lorn?" Earien asked. "Yes, a man that rules a town outside of Gondor arrive today. They wish to speak to me of a fugitive." "A fugitive? What do they mean of that?" She asked. "I do not know, but I agreed to meet with them." "Do they speak sindarin?" "No." He said quietly. His westron was weak, and he disliked speaking it. "Can you translate for me if I do not know a word or two?" "Yes of course." She smiled "perhaps it is time for you to learn westron properly." She said, rising. "I have tried, you remember my father trying to teach me." He said, sighing. "Languages are very difficult for me." "I will teach you if you'd like. A little at a time, and I will not hit you for making mistakes." She said, referencing Oropher. "I think it may be time, but I tell you it will not be well found." "Do not fret. We will work together." They got dressed, and Faroth told him the men were ready. They walked down to the Royal Council room, and two guards opened the doors for them. "All rise for the king and queen." The guard called, and the men rose along with Luin and Faroth. It was a small table, two men sitting on one side, a younger and an older, and on the other side sat Thranduil and Earien. Luin and Faroth sat on opposite ends, and Earien studied the men closely. "It is nice to meet you, your majesty." The older man said kindly. "My name is Lorn and this is my son, Erron." He said gesturing to the younger man sitting next to him. "My name is Thranduil, and this is my wife, Earien," Thranduil said quietly. Lorn smiled, "I am rusty with my sindarin, but I am sure I can manage." He said in sindarin, and thranduil couldn't hide his surprised grin. Thranduil had never really been exposed to men, and the man's age was abrupt to him. "Thank you, but westron is acceptable here. What is it you needed council for?" Thranduil said. "There are two elves, a couple, walking my village. They've killed three of my guards, and stolen from the treasury. I have done all I could to catch them but I admit defeat." "These elves are from Mirkwood?" Earien asked. "I believe so, your majesty. I found this patch in the hands of one of the dead. He must have torn it off before they got away." He opened his hand, a red sentinel patch. "What would you like me to do?" Thranduil asked. "Anything you see fit, your majesty. We are a small village, keep to ourselves. We cannot afford such loss and fear." Thranduil looked at Earien. "We could afford a small group of sentinel warriors to catch them and return them. 5 or 6 could do," she said. Thranduil nodded "I agree." Lorn smiled. He had a kind face, warm dark eyes and dark hair streaked with grey. His son looked terrified, but had the same kind face. "I will send a half dozen warriors to search your village and find the criminals. They will be tried and punished for their actions as well." "Thank you very much, your highness. I know I am no king, but I am sure you can relate in how important my people are to me." Thranduil grinned "of course I do. We will find them." Lorn spoke to his son quickly about his conversation with the king and the boy smiled nervously. "Thank you." He said, and Thranduil glanced at Earien. "You are welcome," He said and Earien smiled. The boy grinned at Thranduil's heavily accented response. "Do you have children, your majesty?" "Just one, a son named Legolas." Lorn smiled "that's wonderful. Erron was asking me if you had a child. Could he meet him?" "Of course." Earien smiled. "My son, he's wanted to meet elves since he was a boy." "Luin, if you could retrieve Legolas," Earien asked and he rose and stalked after his nephew. "He is older than you are now, but you will find you are close in age," "How old is he? I did not hear of your having a son your majesty." "He is forty two," Thranduil said, and Lorn laughed. "I did not hear of his birth because your son is older than I." Thranduil restrained an amused eyebrow rise, and Erron's eyes widened. "Elves do no mature as quickly as men, Penneth." Thranduil said quietly, "that would make the two of you about the same." Luin entered followed by Legolas, who was in his training gear. He looked calm, but nervous only to his parents. He stood before Erron, who was slightly shorter than him. Legolas evaluated him carefully, and looked up at his father. Legolas looked back at Erron, "Êl síla erin lû e-govaned vîn. I eneth nîn Legolas. " Erron's head snapped back to his father, who smiled, "my son has not yet learned Sindarin, your majesty." Thranduil smiled, "nor has mine learned any mannish language as of yet," Legolas watched his father's mouth form the odd sounding words, and stared, "my son greets you, and says his name is Legolas." Erron stared at him a moment and swallowed nervously,