September 5- 507 TA It had been so long since Thranduil had found solace in the forest. The leaves rustled gently, birds flying across the sky in pursuit. He didn't get much privacy anymore, not since he'd become King. He leaned against a tree, listening to its song before he heard his cousin, Salias' voice ring across the wood. He turned, dashing quietly down the path. His feet were light, swift, his mind quick and calculating. This was why he was unbeatable when it came to most opponents. He hid behind a bush, calming his heart and slowing his breathing, his hair blowing gently. His brother walked by, and Thranduil leapt from the bush, and threw him to the ground, poised over him like a predator. Salias looked mortified, and then his face softened when he realized who it was, and he laughed. "You scared the life from me gwador-nin" he reached for Thranduil's outstretched hand. Salias and Thranduil were incredibly similar in appearance, except Thranduil was slightly taller and had lighter hair of a silvery platinum blonde. Salias was less grace and more muscle. "Faroth is angry with you, aran-nin. More so than usual." Thranduil smiled. "He will forgive me before I even begin my long winded apology." Salias smirked. They began walking towards the palace, and Thranduil brushed dirt from Salias' shoulder. "How much longer until the wedding?" Thranduil asked. Salias sighed "One month." "You do not sounds as excited as one would expect." "I am excited, just nervous." He admitted. "My life has not changed since your Adar died, and such a large change makes me nervous." "It is normal to be nervous, and it will take some getting used to, but you and Alonnen are perfect together." "Thank you. You're right, we will do well, I just need to go with the flow a little more." Thranduil smiled and clapped Salias' back supportively before they reached the front gate. The guards bowed, the gate opening before them. Thranduil bowed his head slightly in response. He had barely made it inside before Faroth spotted him and rushed forward. "My lord I've been looking everywhere for you." He attempted a respectful tone but failed. "I'm sorry Faroth. The forest was just so calm this morning. I needed to be alone." "Oropher-" "Would disapprove I know." Faroth's light eyes tightened, then relaxed. Faroth was his personal guard, and was his father's best friend. He was overprotective. The last thing Thranduil's father had said to Faroth was "take care of my son." And Faroth would die before breaking that promise. Thranduil started down the corridor towards his office, Faroth close behind. "My King, a patrol near the old forest road was attacked-" Amandil, Thranduil's Commander of Defense said, matching his stride. "How many wounded?" "At least 20, my King. No fatalities." "Send them what they need to repair, as well as several healers that can be spared for the time being. Send another patrol to search the surrounding area, roughly fifty miles from the Old Forest Road." "Yes, sir." Amandil said quickly, bowing his head and heading off in the opposite direction. He got to his office, Faroth taking his position outside the door, and Thranduil sitting down at his desk, his assistant Pelior listed off council meetings and went through the day's tasks. Salias came around, and talked to him about what was being done at the borders to keep the patrols safe for the warriors. He met with the head of education, going through the new school curriculum, and it was late before he returned to the royal wing, collapsing into a chair in his bed chamber. Pelior had the fire going twenty or so minutes before hand, so the room was warm enough for Thranduil's liking. It was so much work. Amandil had helped where he could, but all Thranduil wanted was to rest. He'd been plagued by nightmares the previous night, and he really just wanted to be alone. Out of the public eye to be weak for just a moment. He'd only been king a little over a year. He never realized how busy his father truly was. But then again, his mother had helped as well. He thought of all the empty rooms around him and sighed. His parents' room, his uncle's- It was just Thranduil and Salias left. Soon Salias would marry Alonnen, an elf maiden from Lorien, and Thranduil would essentially be alone. He groaned, pouring himself a glass of wine. He couldn't take being alone any longer. "Pelior!" he called, and a few moments later his servant walked in. "Yes my lord?" "Can you please bring Earien to me? And tell Faroth to deny entrance to everyone other than her." Pelior bowed, taking off into the corridor. Earien couldn't have gotten there sooner, and he sighed in relief when she walked in. Earien had been his best friend since they were elflings in Doriath. Thranduil was guarded, and didn't share his thoughts and feelings with anyone, except Earien. She had been there for him through it all, she knew him too well to hide. She shut the door behind her, her dark hair sweeping behind her. She moved to sit in the chair across from him, the light of the fire dancing in her black eyes. "You called?" She smirked, but it quickly disappeared when he didn't return it. "What's wrong, mellon-nin?" she asked quietly. He sub consciously touched the scar on his thigh, "I am just not having a good day." He said quietly. "I did not want to be alone tonight with my thoughts." "You are never alone, not while I stand." She smiled. "You have been having those nightmares again?" He downed the rest of his wine, nodding. Despair and pain were evident in his eyes, pain that he kept within himself, that he only let show with Earien. "Yes. Quite vivid, actually." She got up and poured herself a glass of wine. "What is it? Your Adar?" He sighed, leaning forward and putting his head in his hands. "Isn't it always? I cannot stop-" his voice broke and he stopped. "Thranduil-" But the door opened, and Thranduil stood, his face neutral and void of any emotion. "My lord-" "What is it? I told Faroth and Pelior that I was strictly to be left alone." He barked. "I'm sorry, your highness, I-" Amandil stuttered, terrified. "What?" Thranduil seethed. Now was not the time. Salias is looking for you." "Salias can wait until morning. Goodnight Amandil." Amandil bowed, shutting the door quickly behind him, and Thranduil dropped back into the chair, rubbing his temples. Earien sat on the table in front of him, taking his hands gently away from his face. He watched her face, her eyes were concerned, caring. "You are under much pressure. You are King of Mirkwood, but you are not beyond weakness. Do not be ashamed of your feelings." He stared at her, his hands in hers. "What did you dream about your father?" "The same. I cannot stop reliving that moment. It's all I see." He whispered. "You must stop feeling guilty. It is killing you. I know you cannot help it mellon, but your Adar was aware of what stepping in front of you would do. If he knew of what you dwell on, he would return from The Halls of Mandos just to set you straight. He died so you could flourish. You were so young, your father would not live to see a day without you, he would have faded and he knew it. You were his light. Do not waste his gift on sorrow." Thranduil stared at her, trembling. "Earien-" "It is alright." She assured quietly, and he leaned forward to wrap his arms around her neck. "What would I do without you by my side to keep me standing?" he said quietly. "You would be alright, because you are your father's son." She promised, touching her forehead to his. She stood, finishing her glass of wine. "Do not forget I leave for Imladris in the morning." He groaned inwardly. He hated when she left, "for how long?" "A few weeks. I will be back before you can miss me." She smirked. "Ahh but I miss you already," Thranduil smirked back, but he did. A small part of him ached already in dread of her departure. "I hope Elrond enjoys your stay." "I as well." She put her glass down, and sighed. "I should go. You need your rest." "Can you stay?" he instantly regretted saying the words aloud. "What?" "Nothing-" "I have already told Lord Elrond I was coming, and they have prepared for my visit. I will go this time, and I will wait a while before going again, and I will stay and help you." He nodded, wishing he didn't say anything to her "Goodnight, Earien." "Goodnight, Thranduil. Dream peacefully." Thranduil woke with a start, the bright light a blinding reminder that today he had so much work to do, and Earien was leaving. Salias strode in, and pulled the covers off of Thranduil. "Come, we are going hunting!" "What? I have to meet- and, and write out the orders for-" "Nonsense, cousin! I have handed it all to Pelior to deal with and you can simply sign your name on the bottom this evening!" Salias' crooked smile was warming Thranduil's annoyed heart. "Get dressed!" Thranduil stood, and Salias grabbed Thranduil's longbow and quiver, along with his sword and daggers from his closet. When Thranduil was dressed in his hunting clothes and had all his weapons strapped to him, they set out into the hall, Faroth following. "Where are we going, my lord?" "Hunting. Please stay here, Faroth. I'll be alright, I have my bow and my sword." "Sorry, but no." "But its your day off?" Thranduil said, cocking his eyebrows. "Your safety is worth my day off." He forced. Thranduil glared at him. "Go spend time with your family. At least do that for me, send someone else." "Fine. I will send Thangannas, he's new and a bit wet behind the ears, but I think he will enjoy doing something other than drills." "Fine." Thranduil's eyes sparkled, and Salias was happy to see some of the stress leave his eyes. They were soon followed by a small guard, and Thranduil assumed this to be Thangannas. He ignored him for the time being, not wanting to be King for a few moments and just wanting to enjoy the forest and the company of Salias. "When does Earien leave for Imladris?" "After lunch. Luckily you woke me at dawn so we have plenty of time." "Ha ha." Salias said sarcastically. They sat in the branches of a large oak silently, eyes scanning for any sign of life. "Do you see anything?" Salias knew Thranduil was better at hunting and fighting, and unbeatable with archery. He was lucky he wasn't competitive, or else he would resent Thranduil's skill. "No." he whispered. "It is nice how you always depend on me to spot deer and you sit there and daydream." "Oh, stop complaining, you would be sitting in the throne room rubbing your temples right now if it weren't for me." he jested. "Very true. And now when I return I will be up all night making up for it." "No you won't I will help you." Salias said, his eyes contained a glint of concern. "No, it's alright. It's my responsibility." "How are you adjusting? To being King?" he whispered. "I'll let you know when I know." he smirked, but Salias only returned it halfheartedly. "I am serious. I worry about you, Thranduil. I know you barely sleep and that you are overwhelmed." "It is alright, Salias. Let's just enjoy the forest, ok?" His cousin nodded, and they sat silently for a while. Then he saw something, but it wasn't a deer. It was too slow, but strategic. "Thangannas." He called quietly to the guard in the next tree.