Disclaimer: I do not own the rights to twilight and all credit goes to Stephanie Myer. I do however own the Character of Annabeth. A/N: Hello my lovely readers! It's me Anna coming at you with a brand-new story! This is the longest chapter I've written so far for any of my stories. I would love to thank everybody who has ever R&R ed and also to the other writers who respond to my Reviews. Thank-you all so much and I hope you enjoy my story. Whispers in the wind Chapter 1- Why did you run from me? Annabeth's POV (Age 17) /p My name is Annabeth Brooke Kennings and I'm 17 years old. I live on my own in a old run-down house just outside of the tiny town of Forks Washington. My parents died last month; My father in a car crash and my mother in a house fire caused my exploding meth. The state of California wanted nothing to do with me because of the fact I'm turning 18 in less then a month. October-January is normally a time of celebration in my family as my father was born on October 31st, My mother on November 30th and then me on December 3rd. My litter brothers birthday was supposed to be on the same day as mine but my mother fell down the 6 flights of stairs in our house and lost the baby. To say that I was happy my mother had lost the baby would be an understatement, I had the shittiest mother in the whole fucking world, She would go out for days up to weeks at a time and have what I like to call 'Drug Parties' and she really didn't care about my dad or I. The moment my mother died was the happiest moment of my life and my fathers too, Little did I know my father was going to day the very next week on the same day of the week...Monday. Now I have another reason besides school to hate Mondays. As sad and depressing my backstory must seen I had a wonderful childhood, I had two kind/caring/loving parents as a child and my mother didn't do drugs yet. I had a strong sturdy roof over my head each and every night. I wasn't spoiled but I did have quite afew luxuries growing up, I always wore the latest fashion trends, had the coolest toys and all my chores were done by nannies/in house maids/butlers/ and some man who owned my family money. Were weren't poor in any means but we weren't exactly rich. My mother owed ALOT of money, over 10000,0000 to be exact and I knew we would NEVER EVER be able to pay it off, I would have to pay it when my parents died and probably my children would have to as-well. Fortunately when 'Mother' died the dept went away and I was free. My freedom came at a cost though, I had to fake my death and run-away. Everybody in my family thinks I died from getting hit by my school bus except for my long, long, long, long lost cousin Paul Lahote who some how got. I have never actually meet Paul but then suddenly he sends me a request on facebook and me being the smart one I'am I check his profile and find that my father was Paul's father's brother. So I add him and then he sends me a creepy message "I'm Paul Lahote as I'm pretty sure you've noticed, I happened to hear that your parents died and I found out were cousins so I'm inviting you up to lovely Forks Washington so I can get to know you. You cannot decline this offer as you are a minor and I'm older then you. I expect to see you soon Annabeth. I'll be the one at the airport you wont be able to miss." I got that two weeks ago and I hadn't made any sort of thing to get my ass in gear because at first I was apprehensive at going but it soon dawned on me that moving could/would be a fresh start for me So that leads me to right now, As Paul promised he was the one at the airport I wouldn't miss, He stood out from the crowd at a height of 6'8 and he had the tannest skin I had I ever seen. Me and him got along instantly, Our personalities clashing the perfect amount the way we were both arrogant/cocky/ass-holes/protective and outgoing made us click. But the fact I was not a whore and I like reading/writing made us clashing in certain unique ways. He would want to go out clubing and I would rather just sit on the couch and watch a movie. Then last night he brought home a record of 5 girls in one night an hour apart from eachother, That was when I snapped. I yelled at him and ran out the door with my things packed in my single suitcase. I hopped in my brand-new navy blue Chevy and sped down the road. I couldn't go to far as I was low on gas but I came across this tiny shack 37 minutes from Paul's. It was on the outskirts of a little town of Forks. I have started to cut my writs again as all my pain and anger have begun to rise again. I left my anti-depressants at my old home in Florida just to see if I could go without, I couldn't. I have scars covering both my right and my left arm, My thighs are completely scarred and I have some secretly hidden scars and burn marks on my neck. Self harm was not something I did up until father died, I was a happy child and teen, My life was perfect. I never got mad at anybody and there was always a grin upon my face. No matter who bad the bullying at school got I wore a real smile. But I'm a different girl now and never will I go back to the girl I used to be. Heartache and loss can do that to a person and no matter who many times I tell myself to stop I can't will myself to do it. So here I'am sitting alone in the shitty ass bathroom in the 'house' crying and cutting my wrists. I can hear strange wolf howls in the forest and for some strange reason I feel compelled towards them. I got up off the floor and placed my blade in my pocket of my jeans after I had made sure the bleeding has stopped. I zipped up my suit case and hit it under the old couch before walking out the door. I walked briskly to the back yard and sat down, I could hear the howls getting louder and closer but I don't feel scared. I feel a weak connection to the howls but I quickly dismiss it. Standing up with a quick shake of my head I run over to my truck. Deciding to head into town to do some junk-food grocery shopping. So the moment I get to the store two dumb-ass blondes are standing by the doors collecting money for homeless kids, As cruel as it seems I slapped both of them and beat one of them up because they were making comments about who trashy I looked. By the time I was checking out with my cart filled to the brim with water bottles,Chips,Cookies,Candy,Strawberries,Bottles of coke, a razer, Bottles of coke and some $10 novels. Leaving the store I was greeted by two police officers who were waiting with the two sluts I had slapped and the one I had beat. I made I run for it knowing that if I got caught my whole life would come crashing down. My truck luckily didn't have licence plates so I slammed on the gas and booked it out of town. I went over 140 km/ph ( A/N: Sorry about the speed being in Kilometers, I'm a Canadian LOL) down the main forks road until I was sure I wasn't being followed. I turned down a unmarked road and I was suddenly meet by a huge house that was even bigger then the ones I had seen on t.v. Cussing I realized my truck witch I had forgotten to re fuel had come to a hault and I was left in my truck in some strangers driveway. Getting out of the cab I walked to the front door of the house not feeling the least bit intruding. Part of my personality included not taking any shit from anybody and I know how to get what I want when I want it. Knocking on the door a blonde and dare I say beautiful man answered the door "Hello Miss, How may I help you today?" The man asked in a perfect voice. The way it flowed almost brought me too my knees. "Oh umm, My truck broke down in your driveway. I'm out of gas and I need abit of help." I said politely hoping to get on this guys good side. "Well come right on in, My daughter Rosalie and son Emmett can get your car fixed up in no time flat. Oh and my name is Carlisle." He said warmly sticking his hand out for me to shake. I smiled at him and took his hand in mine. I notice how cold it felt but dismissed it quickly. "Why thank-you Carlisle. I appreciate it and my name is Annabeth, Annabeth Brooke Kennings." I said to him and stepped into the house. It was more beautiful then the outside and the house emitted a warm inviting feeling not to mention the scent of freshly baked chocolate cookies. I sighed contently and turned to face Carlisle "Your house is amazing, I have never seen nor been in one like this before. I'm utterly dumb-struck." I said to him grinning like a fool. "Why thank-you dear I designed it myself." A new voice replied out of now where. Looking to the top of the stairs stood a woman pale and graceful and she had the brightest smile I had ever seen. She walked gracefully down the stairs and stood in front of me, I towered over her by a good 4-5 inches but her beauty could not be degraded to be compared to mine. "Hello dear my name is Esme, Esme Cullen." She greeted me with an angelic voice that made me melt. "Hi Esme, I'm Annabeth Kennings. It's very nice to meet you, I've hear so much about your home decoration line and I own a few pieces of yours." I greeted/said to her. Her stage name was Esme Summers but I did my research at found her real name was Esme Cullen, Adoptive mother to 7 children one of witch died tragically in a fire last month (A/N: The one who died was Edward btw) . "HEY MOM WHO'S THE GIRL YOUR TALKING TOO?! I WANT TO MEET HER!" A high pitched voice yelled from up stairs, It could only belong to Mary Alice Brandon a.k.a Alice Cullen. I knew who she was as Alice's great gandmother was my mothers mom, I have heard stories about her from my mother and I have actually meet her and her husband Jasper one day when I was playing in the pond at our old house in Dallas, Texas ~~FLASH BACK. (Annabeth is 6)~~ I was in the pond, Swimming around when I felt something or somebody looking at me. I lifted my head at saw two strange people looking at my in awe. One was a really pretty girl with short black hair and the other was a man wearing a cowboy hat. They looked weird together but kinda cute just like beauty and the beast from 'Beauty and the beast.' "Hello little one, What's your name?." The