On the Ridge By Sirya Black Written for "Fandom 4 Soldiers" 'Twilight All Human One-shot' Characters: Bella Swan, Edward Cullen, Jasper Whitlock, and Emmett McCarthy. Summary: In a sniper's den in Afghanistan a female Canadian sniper waits for her targets with her spotter and an American Sniper and his spotter. Rating : T Warnings: Violence and Swearing Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Beta : Josh Oswald Pre-readers: CJ Hand (ex- Canadian Military) and an American Marine (name withheld) It's hot in the desert. I've been in this spot for two days. I knew going in I'd be here until my targets came into range. My spotter and I had seen the advance scouts yesterday. They didn't suspect a thing. There are two of us here and our two spotters. We're expecting four to six targets and support personnel, which would be extra targets – the ones we shoot after we're done shooting the others. Emmett is watching the ridge carefully while I take a water break. Marine Gunnery Sergeant Jasper Whitlock is spotting for Gunny Sergeant and sniper Edward Cullen. It's weird working with another sniper team. Usually Master Corporal Emmett McCarthy (aka Bear) and I work alone, but the American Command doesn't trust us to get the job done, or they don't think I can do it because I'm a woman. Either way both Commands decided on a joint op. The setup is better for me in a way, otherwise I'd be a tad touchy about being babysat. I'd asked Cullen to sign out extra ammo for me to use. Their .50 caliber rounds burn hotter than the stuff the Canadian military issues, which means I can shoot farther, and since the Rob Furlong shot in Shah-I-Kot Valley back in 2002 the American snipers are quick to help us out. You'd think after that record breaking shot the Canadian Military would have helped us out. Instead they were more concerned with the fact that Canada even had snipers being made public knowledge. Of course we aren't called snipers; we're Rangers. Not that it wasn't known before that snipers were a part of the military, every army has them, it just was never publicly acknowledged or published in a major newspaper or international magazine. I'm actually American born, but I joined the Canadian Military because they don't have limits about women in combat, unlike the Americans. From the way Whitlock and Cullen are acting, makes a lot of sense. Both of them are of the opinion that I shouldn't be here on the front lines, that I'm a distraction. They haven't said as much, but the attitude is there. So are the watchful eyes, making sure I'm doing my job. My dad was all for me going up to Vancouver, Canada to join their military. Being the Chief of Police in his little town, he was proud I wanted to serve, even if it was for an ally rather than for the U.S. My mother has been a basket case every time I talk to her. I get more mail than everyone else in my unit because she sends care packages every week, but that makes me popular with everyone since mom doesn't only send stuff for me. I have to wonder about her sometimes. She's sent more soft porn than I've ever seen before, but I know for a fact Phil buys the 'reading material' for the guys in my unit. I still keep the Guns and Ammo for a first read through before I hand that over though. Still she keeps us supplied with comforts from home. She even orders "Timmy's" coffee online so she can send it to us from Florida.* Bear has been my spotter since sniper training. He and I instantly bonded over a bar fight. An idiot named Mike Newton said I shouldn't be in the training program since there was no way anyone would send me into the desert after the Jessica Lynch incident, and I was a waste of a slot that could have gone to his buddy Taylor. Bear laughed and said that they'd be stupid not to since I could out shoot everyone in the program (although that wasn't true, I graduated second in my class of fifteen). They had traded cheap shots and I was going to just ignore the idiot until he suggested I wasn't making my scores on the range. I was just a whore for the range officer. At which point I threw my drink in his face and told him anywhere and anytime, and I'd not only out-shoot him but I'd take him in hand-to-hand and I'd make sure he couldn't use his mouth to get the range officer to give him a break. Needless to say that started off the bar fight. Bear loved my attitude and made himself my partner the next day. That took a lot of pressure off me since no one wanted to get on Bear's bad side. Looking up at the bright sun I could feel the sun's rays heating my desert camo paint. Hell the damn stuff had melted a bit and it was going to take forever to get it and all the desert dirt out of my pores once I get back stateside. I used the sweat on my forehead to help keep my hair back off my face. My hair is long brown and tightly pulled back into a braid and bun. I have had a few fly-aways because it's been 2 days since I put it up and used sunscreen to grease it in place before placing my desert gear on. My figure is too slight and my height makes trying to hide the fact I'm female impossible at close range, so I never bothered to cut my hair off like most female solders did. And let's face it, if the enemy gets close enough and sees my hair and body, we are likely to end up dead anyway. Still having a man the size of a small mountain for my spotter helps since he can carry some of my gear, which is heavier than an average pack, over longer distances. I can do it on my own if need be, but we travel faster when he helps. Unfortunately our normal gear routine has left Edward and Jasper with the impression that I'm weak, and to be honest the operation is too important for me to argue the point with them. Both of them are keeping their distance from me, but as I mentioned before I can often see one of them watching me and making sure I'm fine, and not having a fainting spell or some other weak crap they are imagining over there. It's annoying as all hell though, which is why I'm thinking about it yet again. I can feel it when they are staring and one is now, I just know it. I put the water away and move slightly over to the side before pulling the catheter line down so I can empty the bag down an animal hole I found on the edge of the ridge we are hiding on. That's the part of my personal routine about being a sniper in a long-term den that I hate. Liquid diet and storing the waste, it helps to avoid awkwardness with Bear since I can't just "whip it out" for half of my 'human moments' as he can. As I turn back I can see Cullen is a little red in the face and neck. Either he got a sunburn in the last five minutes or he was watching me until I started to release and is now embarrassed. I'm betting on the latter. "Sarge, movement." Bear whispers. I look up and give him a quick nod then move slowly back into position. I take a side look and see Cullen and Whitlock are also on alert. I flick my comm gear on and take my prep breaths and I start to find my spot. Earlier Cullen and I arranged where and when we were going to shoot. We also agreed on who in line we would take a shot at. I get targets one, three, and then it's a free-for-all. "Comm check PP One." I breath into my comm unit. PP stand for Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry (PPCLI, generally referred to "The Patricias") Battalion. "Comm check PP Two." I hear clear but softly from Bear. "Comm check Hawk One." I hear Cullen's velvety voice softly like he's breathing in my ear. I can't help but shiver just slightly. Luckily Bear is looking at the ridge and doesn't see me. "Comm check Hawk Two." Whitlock's voice growls in my ear, although it too is very soft. I gauge the wind speed and check in with Cullen and Bear. "Wind five, on point one." I say, letting them know Bear and I had calculated the wind speed that I need to adjust for on my first point of reference. I can see the movement coming slowly into range. I need to wait for the targets to walk into the point of the cross-hairs. That will put the bullet hopefully into a kill zone on the target. "Wind five, on point one, acknowledged. Wind five on point two." So Cullen agreed with me about wind speed, good. I hate that I have someone second guessing me but at least we agree so there will be no arguments. "Ten signals, six targets." Whitlock reports. "Seen ten signals, six targets confirmed." Bear says. "Command copy? Over." Bear says into the command radio. We are co-coordinating with American Command since it doesn't make sense for us to get orders from different officers while working together. I was surprised they gave me shots one, three and possibly five, till I realized it was because they wanted the first target shot from a stationary spot and the others to be movement. So my first target would walk into the bullet and the others might have a chance at escape while I reset my shot. It's wishful thinking unless I get very lucky, cold shots are almost always a miss without range flags to tell how the wind is further down range. All of Cullen's shots would be on the move unless we timed the first shot to be simultaneous. "Taking target one on my mark." I said. I was waiting for the most important one. The tallest of the targets to walk into my sight. My secondary target was right behind him with a RPG shoulder unit. I would likely not even have to move my rifle more than three degrees to get him too. I wanted to take him fast since that shoulder rocket could kill all four of us if he hit even pretty close. "Taking target two on your mark." Cullen replied. I take a deep breath and blow slowly. I could hear Cullen doing the same. Once I was almost out of air I counted down. "On three... one... two.. three." I squeezed the trigger firmly as I said the last syllable of three. Just over a second later I saw a puff of smoke near target one. Bear called out a correction and I adjusted and fired again. I was lucky, all the targets had frozen as the crack of the shots rang and reverberated across the gorge. Target one explode in a shower of gore, and half a second later another person jerked and fell down to the ground. I adjusted my shot to target two as Bear called out the wind adjustments and scope change degree so I could find my next target in seconds. "PP target one down." Bear reported. "Hawk target two down." Whitlock confirmed to both us and Command. Both our spotters began talking to us, helping us keep our target movements in focus. My second target was still frozen likely trying the trace