So, I've had a couple of people ask for little oneshots or outtakes. Honestly, I haven't had the time to write them. Doesn't mean I won't though. Consequently, this is a collection that I expect to grow. Outtake from: A Little More Heart. Originally meant to take place between chapter 7 and 8. Chapter Title: Not a Lady Esme's pov Rating: T Standard disclaimers apply. This was ultimately cut because it was unnecessary to the plot. I so adore this chapter and removing it was a tough decision. Hopefully, you'll enjoy meeting 16-year-old Esme Platt. To say that I was a lady would be taking huge liberties with the word, well, according to my mother at least. Out of obedience I had learned the skills my mother insisted on ingraining in me that taught me how to keep a home, but, honestly, apart from cooking, and laundering, I was not terribly keen. Much to my mother's chagrin, as the only daughter on a farm, my father had been forced to ask for my assistance on occasion and although he never taught me skills meant for men, I picked up some. However, contrary to what either of them wanted me to learn, and more than anything really, I loved reading. Despite my mother's reminders that "daydreaming does not get the chores done" and "those books are going to keep you from catching a good man," I would spend more time that was "good common sense" with my nose in a book. I consumed with passion every written word that I could find, especially when it was fiction, often reading them over and over, as most of the neighbouring farms did not have many books other than the Bible or primers. Fortunately, school had a decent selection of literature and my teacher, Miss Joseph, allowed me to borrow from her personal collection. She would even, on occasion, go into town and borrow a few from the library, which she would then permit me to read at school. My love affair with books was also responsible for the best day of my life, even though it did not seem that way from the beginning. I had been sitting in my favourite branch of my favourite tree when one of the neighbours' sons, Orville, found me. "What in Sam's Hill are you doing up there Esme?" he wanted to know keenly aware that my mother would be mightily displeased. "Reading," I told him my tone indicating that it was a stupid question. "Couldn't you do that as well on the ground?" he pressed. "The view is better from up here," I explained with a smirk. "Can I come up?" he asked gentlemanly but the playful tone I knew well told me that no matter the answer he would do what he pleased. "Can you?" I taunted back not lifting my eyes from the page. I heard him climbing, but could not see him until his hand was over my shoulder and he grabbed my book. "Give me that!" I cried as I leaned in the direction that he was holding it. It was too late. Unbalanced I tumbled out of the tree ripping my dress and hitting the ground hard with a crack. "Are you hurt, Esme?" Orville asked concerned from above me his guilt apparent in his tone. "I do not think so," I told him truthfully as my leg throbbed. "I do not feel well," I admitted as a wave of queasiness washed over me. "I am sorry, Esme. If I knew you were attempting to fly, I would have cushioned your landing," he teased as he climbed out of the tree. "Here let me help you," he offered when he came near me. He stuffed the book between the back of his pants and shirt. Then he offered me a hand. When I lifted my skirt a little, so I could make sure to secure my footing, my leg looked twice the size than it usually would be. The blood left my face and I bit back bile. "Orville, I think my leg might be broken," I said timidly. Dreadfully, as soon as his eyes met my leg he looked like he would be sick. We both stayed still staring at one another. "Well," he started off tentatively after a few moments. "Do you think you could hop back on one foot, if you held onto me with support?" I considered the offer. "I cannot say, but shall we try?" Nodding he held out his hand and I allowed him to haul me up while I stood on my right foot. I tried to tuck the left foot back so I could hop, but doing so caused me excruciating pain, not to mention that since I had stood up, the throbbing in my broken foot had been so strong that I thought I might pass out. "Orville, I do not think I can make it," I admitted grudgingly hating to show weakness. I am so sorry. I do not know what to do." "Back down then?" he asked looking at me carefully. I nodded holding back the tears that the pain created. Carefully we got me back on the ground. The pain subsided the closer to the earth I got, so I laid down with my cheek on the grass. Mother was going to be absolutely displeased at the state of my dress. "Perhaps it would be better if you kept your leg up. My ma told my brother that once." He paused briefly thinking. "Do not go anywhere," he told me half between a scold and a playful tone. "I'll just go get my brother Michael." Nodding weakly I was not about to argue with him. Michael was eighteen, engaged to Mary Sue, and a strapping lad more than able to carry me if needed. Certainly lying down was helping me not throw up my breakfast. I tried to find a way to keep my hurt leg propped up, but it was tiresome, so eventually I just let it lay on top of my other leg, which was on the grass. I had dozed off by the time Orville came back. "Sorry, Michael was out in the fields, but Luke could come," he told me as a way of a greeting. My eyes fluttered open reminding my as soon as I did so of the throbbing my leg was causing. "Hey, Luke," I offered faintly. "Sorry, I don't feel so good," I slurred, as my mind was sluggish. "No problem, Esme, I felt sick when I broke my arm," he mentioned casually as if this kind of thing was commonplace for him. I attempted a smile. Even though he was three years my junior, and only six weeks younger than Orville, I had a sweet spot for him. He always seemed to know what to say to make someone else feel better. I could not recall him ever having a broken arm, but at this point my lack of memory was inconsequential. They each got aside me, put their arms under me, wrapped their hands around the other's arms, and then lifted me creating a type of seat with them walking sideways. About halfway to the house we stopped and the boys rested. "I am sorry to cause such trouble," I told them both. "It is my fault," Orville argued sorrowful. "This is the least I could do." I smiled faintly at him. "I forgive you, Orville. It's not like you did it on purpose." His eyes shifted. "Yeah, cannot disagree there." After a bit more we started up again. When we got to the house, they did not want to chance the steps, so they put me down in the grass, and Orville went to knock on the door. "Yes, Orville?" my mother greeted him. "Esme has been hurt," was all he said before he glanced down at me. She pushed past him and ran down the stairs. "Esme Platt, what happened to you?" she asked harshly glaring down on me. Looked at the ground speaking softly knowing I was in trouble. "I fell," I admitting feeling her stare. "Out of a tree," I added guiltily. "Esme Anne Platt how many times have I told you that it is unladylike to be climbing trees?" she admonished sharply. "Many times, Mother," I replied with a sigh. "Serves you right," she muttered under her breath her rate of speech increased until it was so quick I could not understand any more. She was also pacing. Then she suddenly stood still. "Boys, please put her there besides the house," she said in a voice so calm that it worried me. Both Luke and Orville nodded staying mute probably intimidated by Mother. "Afterwards, would you both be so kind as to go to your mothers and explain Esme's situation and ask for ice." They did as she requested and about the time they had scampered away she had returned with ice and a towel. "Esme, I must put ice on it. The ice will burn, but ice is better than losing a leg." "Yes, Mother," I replied scared making sure to hold in my tears. The ice was not as bad as my mother made it sound. The towel helped protect my skin and the ice actually reduced the pain, so it felt like welcomed relief even with the chilling sensation. Despite everything, I struggled to stay awake and Mother allowed me the rest saying nothing to me while she tended to me, which increased my worry about my punishment, as it was so unlike her. She used all the ice usually reserved for the icebox and had my leg covered in the stuff for all of the afternoon. Orville and Luke had both returned with ice and as some would melt she would replace it with fresh. Neither had stayed long, although Orville had given me an apologetic look before scampering away. I knew, without her having to say so, that we would have to wait for Father before anything else would be done. As it was mid fall there was still harvesting being finished up as well as the preparations for the winter. It was an hour or more from sundown when I saw his frame. "Good evening, Father," I called out. "Good evening, Esme," he called back. "What on earth are you doing there? Why are you not helping your mother like a good girl?" he asked gently as he drew nearer. "I hurt myself early in the afternoon. Mother put ice on it, but it might be broken." I watched as his eyes grew in size and he drew in a breath. "Esme," he chided. "Do I want to know?" "Probably not," I admitted ashamed my eyes on my hands. "Let me wash up," he said in a tone I did not know how to place. Nodding traitorous tears threatened to leave my eyes. Fighting them back I listened as he walked up the stairs and into the house. His heavy footsteps faded away and then, after some waiting, came back towards me. He came down the stairs slowly and round to me, my mother in tow. I sighed aware of the trouble that I was causing. He took the ice off and examined my leg closely. "Wiggle your toes," he ordered. It was tougher than it looked, but I managed to move them slightly. "Lift your leg." I could lift it from the hip and did so. He nodded. "Can you bend your knee?" "Yes, Father, but it hurt to before, so I have not tried in hours." "Let us try now," he commanded offering me his hand. He gently pulled me up and I tried to bend my knee. I could, but it caused the leg to pound and the pain to return. Although I attempted to hide my grimace, I was not terribly successful in my endeavour. "That is enough," he stated as he began to