Summary: It was a momentous day. The Cullens and the Quileutes had stood together and defeated a newborn army and their creator. The patriarch of the Cullen clan, Doctor Carlisle Cullen, had been permitted an exception to the treaty between the Cullens and Quileutes in order to treat a Quileute who had been hurt. The battle that had raged in the morning gave way to calmer seas in the evening. Each individual focused on what needed to be accomplished in the aftermath including Bella, fiance to Edward Cullen, who went to go visit her best-friend and hurt Quileute, Jacob. This is the story of what might have happened if Bella never made it to Jacob's told from four rotating points of view, first Alice Cullen's, then Edward Cullen's, then Jacob Black's, and lastly Bella Swan's. The first round of povs are a mixture of Eclipse material and new material to bring readers unfamiliar with the details of Eclipse and New Moon into the story while building the plot. The second round of povs wrap up many of the material referenced from cannon while creating the backdrop from which this story will take place. The third round of povs will leave Eclipse behind, and the fourth round completely bringing the reader into this slightly AU. Characters are to cannon as developed in My Family is Odd, my completed alternative to Midnight Sun. Rating: T for some language and relationship elements. Formally titled: The Day That Changed Everything Disclaimer: Obviously I am not Stephanie Meyer. All of the dialogue that comes directly from the book Twilight or her unpublished manuscript Midnight Sun, remains hers. As this seems obvious, I will not have this disclaimer for the rest of the story. The reference to events in 1950 contained in this chapter are courtesy of Jessica314's story Tale of Years: 1950 here on Fanfiction. Chapter 1: Alice-Moments That Change Everything The passage of time holds little meaning. The sun rises; the sun sets. The seasons change. The earth revolves around the sun. These things matter little. What does matter are the moments that occur as time passes and the choices that are made in these moments. Choices really are everything. Every once in a while, though, there are moments that stand outside of time. These types of moments have been pivotal in marking my life irrevocably and reworking my existence substantially. They existed not in a linear sense but in a transformative sense where before and after the event could clearly be delineated. Two of those moments have altered me already. The first was in regards to meeting my husband, Jasper. The second after my eyes had opened, before I even had a chance to take in my surrounding, a vision of the most incredible creature came to me. He was handsome and charming and looked like he needed to be loved. A desire for this man filled me making finding him my foremost priority. My initial assumption that this vision would be realized immediately turned out to be false. It took twenty-eight years to figure out which town, which diner, which month, which day was the right one for us to meet. Travelling down missteps and detours as the earth continued to move around the sun brought the vision closer to being realized. This gave me a long time to prepare. There was enough time to make sure that every detail was just right. The second came to me not long after my first vision of Jasper. In front of my eyes was a family, one that was meant to be my family. It felt like coming home, filling me with a sense of brotherly and sisterly love, of being protected and wanted and needed. It took two years after the realization of my first vision for us to find that family who went by the name Cullen. So, even though these moments were pivotal, the visions came enough in advance to prepare me for their arrival. A third pivotal day had yet to arrive: Bella's change. It first came to me over a year ago on the day that Edward saved her from being crushed by a van. There was no doubt in my mind that despite the fact that the day had yet to materialize, it would substantially alter my world due to how the vision came and its clarity when it first appeared. The exact timing was still unknown though. The first two contained background information from which an approximate year could be deduced. The only aid in the vision of Bella change was that both of us were wearing shirts that were yet to be purchased, but that didn't say much. The style wasn't different than what was in fashion when I had the vision, so it had to be relatively soon. It wasn't much to go on. Like a sudden gust of wind a forth pivotal moment came. The day it arrived had been a memorial day in its own right. It was the day that for the first time in the history of our family we had stood together and had fought others of our kind sent for our destruction. With my gift of clairvoyance my visions had given us enough time to get ready for the army created to illuminate us, yet had given me no warning for this fourth pivotal moment, which in itself stands out, as much doesn't surprise me. The fact that this fourth pivotal moment came without preamble, even with my gift, cemented an unfortunate truth: there are some things that even I can't see. Apart from the army, there was nothing that would have indicated the kind of day it became. Perhaps that should have been my first indication fate would intervene in some other way. The war had been won with no casualties on our side. My best friend and soon-to-be sister-in-law, Bella, had just left my home a few hours ago. Although she was eighteen, her father still kept a protective eye over her. Our cover story was that she was having a girly sleepover at my house so that we could go on a shopping trip and enjoy each other's company. With great effort on my part the first night of our supposed sleepover was arranged so that my brother Edward could have the house and Bella to himself. Did that take some work! It wasn't easy to convince my parents, Carlisle and Esme, brother, Emmett, and sister, Rosalie, and then Jasper to leave the house for at least six hours. Edward owed me! It was worth it though, because he had used it as a chance to ask Bella to marry him. Finally! Someone had to push those two lovebirds because for the first time, that night held a good percentage that Bella would say yes. Since Jazz and I had met and he had learned of my gift he had discouraged me from meddling. Let sleeping dogs lie was his motto. My opinion was on the other side of that pendulum. From my perspective, what was the point of my gift if it wasn't used to nudge things in the right direction? We have agreed to disagree on this topic since the beginning. Some of my purchases including a new dress and some other items for Bella were made weeks ago as evidence for our supposed shopping trip. Instead of being grateful for my planning she begrudgingly sat in my bathroom allowing me to make her over. Despite my explanations that this was all necessary to make sure her father believed the cover story she wasn't listening. Truly, I would miss being able to beautify Bella up once she stopped being human. Makeup doesn't really work on our skin. Messing with the chemistry to create makeup for me was enjoyable, but watching the change on Bella was a lot more fun. Going online, seeing all the different products and what they were supposed to do, having them delivered, and then seeing what they look like on Bella was my favourite hobby. Generally, Bella was a good sport about my curiosity and trying things out on her, but today she acted like it was an imposition. She was entirely too distracted and did not appreciate the effort put forth on my part. She seemed to want to talk about everything except what was keeping her attention. To distract herself she asked why my gift worked on her when Edward's didn't. My gift doesn't work like Edward's was my best explanation. She asked me if her becoming a Cullen was still clear. My vision was as solid as she was sure about what she wanted. In truth, how my visions work isn't a science. My answers were educated guesses based on past experience. The visions of Jasper and I meeting and then us joining the Cullens had a fated quality. They seemed as if they were meant to be. Additionally, the emotional tone in the visions told me that their realization would make me happy. I followed the path the visions showed me never doubting them. To reject the visions of Jasper and the Cullens would have been like rejecting happiness. Thus, my assumption was never tested. Therefore, my answer was the simplified watered down version of the truth, as best as I understood it, and my attempt to be sympathetic. Last year there was an accident at Bella's birthday party that started with a paper cut and ended with Bella getting stitches. Because of what happened my idiotic brother, Edward, decided that Bella would be better off without us Cullens. If Jasper's needs hadn't consumed me, then perhaps an earlier vision might have gotten to me and forewarned me in enough time to impede Edward's stupidity better. Instead, Jasper and I were in the forest, me attempting to calm him, when an unrequested vision came with Edward walking into the house after dropping Bella at her home and saying darkly to Carlisle, "we're moving." When I came to my beautiful amazing husband stood before me. "I know you're a mess, Jazz, but Edward's about to come home and demand that we move. Are you up for a table conference?" He looked at me exasperated irritation and guilt bleeding from him. "Maybe it would have been better if I had bitten Bella. Then she's be changing already," he retorted. "It would have devastated Edward, created irreparable damage in your relationship with him, and hurt Carlisle and Esme. It would have severely alter the climate of our family for years," I warned him. It was not the first time we had this discussion. My husband, the strategist originally wanted to intervene and kill Bella. My vision of her as a newborn gave him a second option, although he was weary. He didn't really want to babysit a newborn. Either way a human knowing our secret was too risky from his perspective. After everything that has happened since that first table conference about Bella, I can see his point. Right or wrong Jazz saw that neither Carlisle nor Edward were willing to make the difficult choice. Jazz was willing to take on the burden and he would have if he had been certain that he wouldn't have killed Bella in the process. The quality and tenor of my vision said that Bella was meant to be one of us, but Edward didn't agree. His insistence on fighting his own happiness was irritating. In every possibility that my visions permitted me to see it was for the best if we waited till Edward came round to the idea. The vision of Bella as one of us was a sure thing. It was bound to happen eventually. They were mated after all. But Edward seemed to insist time and time again on doing things in the most difficult way possible. "You're right, June bug," Jazz sighed heavily. His answer had always been the same. He leaned in and took in my scent