Title: A Little More Heart Summary: Esme never told her husband how deeply meeting him at sixteen impacted her. She never really regretting putting her human life, meeting Carlisle included, behind her, until Edward came home and demanded that the family leave Bella in Forks. Carlisle has always been a man of reason. As a human, he was not quick to judge like his father. Instead, he asked for evidence, expected proof, and followed facts. This lack of blind fervency caused many a villager to wonder about the well-being of the preacher's only son and his father a little more than frustrated. This odd trait stayed with him into his second life. It was what made him resist humans as a newborn and decide to become a human doctor against all conventional thought. It led him into having exceptional control over his bloodlust and made him into an excellent doctor. Esme knew Carlisle's reason was, throughout his years, what he relied upon when a decision was needed, including was the best course of action regarding Miss Esme Platt, sixteen-year-old tree-climber and avid reader. Edward gone to find Victoria, her family unhappy, Esme can't help but wonder what would have life been like if Carlisle had been able to follow his heart just a little bit more in 1911? Although story is AU, characters are to cannon as developed in My Family is Odd and Cosmology Shifts. Rating: T for mild language and relationship elements. Relationship elements contain adult themes like being parents and being married. Consequently, this story may not be suitable for younger teens. Disclaimer: Obviously I am not Stephanie Meyer (SM). The story is mine apart from the parts she created. When other writers' stories are referenced, credit is given to them at the top of each chapter. In this chapter Edward's behaviours in this point in cannon comes from Saudade by Haemophilus Leona, and the imagining of how Esme handled Carlisle turning her was inspired by Miki in Blue Jeans story Faith & Love. Beta : kiwihipp I cannot say thank her enough for her keen eye (any remaining errors are mine, as I have a tendency to fiddle), thoughtful questions, attempts at keeping me historical accurate, and inspirations. This would not look the same without you. Chapter 1: Strain Between Us I was never so in opposition to my husband as the day that our first son had come home and had said that we needed to leave my newest daughter, Bella, behind. It was for the best, Edward had claimed. She was human and we were not, he had argued. Her life would be better off, less dangerous without us in it, he had insisted. He had implied that us leaving her was what she wanted. After the votes were all in Carlisle had made the final decision for us to leave Forks. I might not have agreed, but that didn't stop me from doing my part and packing our belongings. Carlisle planned on staying for the next few days, so I left his personal things for him to take care of. It would give him something to do when he was not at the hospital. Each couple were in their rooms packing and I had no idea where Edward had gone off to when Carlisle came to find me. "Esme?" he asked hesitantly as he came into our bedroom. It was all in his voice–his love, concern, confusion, doubt. I didn't look up at him, a rarity, and although my motions slowed I continued packing. He came closer and stood only a few feet away from me. "Esme, please, love," he whispered softly enough that only I would hear the desperation filling his voice his cadence very much the Englishman of the era he was turned. I had not heard that manner of speech since he talked about his decision to turn Emmett. Stopping I turned towards him. "You are asking me to leave one of my daughters behind," I whispered softly back. There was no anger or frustration in my voice. I had let go of those emotions already. They hadn't even really settled in me to begin with. But there was pain and there was hurt. "She is not ours, Esme. She is human and she is Charlie's." His voice was softer than the gentlest breeze the cadence of old only marginally there and the doctor tones of present more prominent. A part of me wanted to snarl and growl and argue and fight, but this was not my way. I was not headstrong or tenacious like Rosalie. I wasn't coy and single-minded like Alice. I was strong in my own way, but fighting was not how I did things. Yet, I did not agree with Carlisle. She was mine as much as she was Charlie's. There was a bond there what went beyond her connection with Edward or the fact that she was still human. I saw so much of my sixteen-year-old self in her. And even though Bella wasn't me, I believed that I saw her the most clearly out of all of us. The pause between us along with my thoughts was palatable and heavy. "How long will you stay?" I asked unwilling to argue. He took a deep breath his continence indicating that he knew I did not agree. "A few days and then I will come," he confirmed sounding much like he has for the last decade or so. I nodded and looked into his eyes. He needed me. He was lost and I was his anchor. Standing up I grabbed him and pulled him into my arms holding him tightly. He body was vibrating almost as if he were a human afraid but at a much subtler level that without the embrace it would have never been noticeable, even to my eyes. He took another deep breath taking in my scent. "I love you, Carlisle. Nothing will change that." I said these words loud enough that I knew my children would hear. Certainly Carlisle's and my differing votes would not have gone unnoticed. I didn't want to consider what Jasper might have picked up from Carlisle since the vote. Our children needed my reassure as much as Carlisle did. "And I you, Esme," he stated with equal clarity. "Love," he whispered into my ear his old English accent strong in this one word, "we need to talk about this." "Are you going to change your mind before you arrive in Alaska?" I asked quietly enough that only he would hear. "He is decided. I don't want to lose him. I'm scared we'll lose him completely this time." His whispered confession spoke to his deepest fears his voice sounding almost exactly as it had when Edward had left us. "Neither do I wish for him to leave our family, but I am more afraid that we will lose them both by this path," I confessed back. He retreated from my arms a little so that he could look into my eyes. "In Alaska then?" he confirmed in a breath. Nodding, "Yes," I agreed. After all these years a few days wouldn't change anything. Nothing really could change the bond between Carlisle and I, but it was the most strained it had ever been, and we both knew it. He looked at me and I did not see the confident husband and father that he usually was, nor even the heartbroken father he had been without Edward. I saw the lost, beaten young man of his early years full of doubt but determined to do the righteous thing. He had that look briefly when he had changed Rosalie and Emmett, but this was deeper rather than a fleeting glance. I pulled him into my embrace once more. "We have time," I breathed into his ear. His continence shifted, the vibration gone. He would follow through with his choice. He would guide and direct us and keep our family safe. That was who my children needed him to be. They were all scared. They needed us to play our roles and be who they had known us to be. These other parts of ourselves, the parts that only Carlisle and I saw of each other, they would have to wait. We knew that was what they needed, and we were glad to have one another. So, I did my role. I packed and comforted my children as they required and helped them move, even though I was certain that we were making a grave mistake. When Edward was not home and my family did not need me I allowed my mind to review the contentious discussion and vote. Reviewing the past was an activity I hadn't permitted myself to do since Edward had returned to us in 1931, as I had learned that doing so didn't help change it. Despite this lesson, my mind seemed intent on trying to suss out where I had gone wrong as a wife and mother. Edward had lied. Not blatantly. Not purposefully. No. He had been lying to himself. I knew all my children well, but none as intimately as Edward. Perhaps because he was my first child in this life; perhaps because he, along with Carlisle, had guided me through my newborn stage; perhaps because he was caught at the age of seventeen and had not properly had the opportunity to grow into himself; or perhaps because he was single and thus the odd man out. Whatever the reason might be, most of the time, I knew him better than he knew himself. Edward loved Bella; that was abundantly clear. His love caused him to passionately hold the belief in his need to protect her, which mostly stemmed from being raised in an upper-middle class home in the Edwardian era. His behaviours, based on his intentions, as noble as they were, spoke from his own limited point of view. Stuck at seventeen years old, he tended to see the world as right or wrong, black or white, as he had not been yet forced to face the world of grey before Carlisle turned him. Edward refused to allow himself or our existence to hurt Bella. The very abhorrence of that thought was what had kept him from draining her despite the call her blood made to him. Hurting her was simply unacceptable. From a perfectly rational point of view his desire to keep her safe and his willingness to sacrifice himself to make it so made perfect sense. Consequently, as he had spoken, I could see and understand all that had brought him to his insistence that we leave, including the lies he was telling himself. The major problem was that he did not see the bigger picture. His view was limited, had always been limited, and would probably always be limited. In moments when it was only Carlisle and I, I teased him that turning a teenager might not have been the greatest of plans. The problem with Edward's limited point of view was not so much that it was limited, per say, although certainly that did not help matters. No, the root of the problem on this matter was really with Carlisle, as that was where Edward's perspective originated. Even if Carlisle had never implied that leaving Bella was best, the beliefs that had caused Edward to draw those conclusions had originated in Carlisle's choices. Carlisle had walked away from me upon our first meeting when I had been sixteen, and thus Edward, when he walked in and demanded that we leave Forks, asked us to consent to him making the same mistake Carlisle had with me. I could not agree, even in the face of the cost that I would pay and that our family would pay for Carlisle and I being in discord. I knew my husband as well, if not sometimes, better than I knew myself. It took only a few sentence, a few choice statements for