A/N: So this came to me in the form of a dream or a nightmare to me. Is it a nightmare if you dream it every night? Is it considered a nightmare if the images haunt your every thought? I have been dreaming this for a few months now and I decided to write it down in the form of a story hoping to get it out of my head. Bell 1 this is for you, without your encouragement this story would have never been written. Thank you! I want to thank my pre-reader feebes86 and my beta JJ Twi1ight. Thank you both for making my story readable. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. BPOV If someone had told me eight years ago that I would be married to the Alpha of the Wolf Pack in La Push, Sam Uley and that we would have a son Cameron Paul Uley and a baby girl on the way, I would have laughed at them. You see, eight years ago was when my life changed. I was drowning in a nightmare and Sam saved me. He found me in the forest after Edward left me. Sam was the one that put me back together. He imprinted on me the night he found me. I remember the day he told me that he was a wolf and the alpha of the pack. It was three months after he found me in the woods. I thought he was joking with me, but he simply grabbed my hand and pulled me out his back door and into the woods. I could feel the blush creep up my cheeks as he stripped himself of his cut-off shorts and shifted into this beautiful black wolf. I gasped and stared at him for a moment before I took a tentative step forward. I ran my hand over the wolf's face and gazed into his eyes, the eyes of my Sam. Sam had become such a huge part of my life. He held me as I cried at night and pieced me back together. He kept the nightmares at bay and would wrap his arms around me so I didn't have to try to hold myself together. I knew that in all the time we had been spending together, I was starting to have feelings for Sam. I knew that I could love him and his wolf and I hoped that he could love me. The wolf took a few steps back and shifted back into the man. After Sam put his shorts back on, he walked towards me with an expression I couldn't quite read. I wrapped my arms around him and hugged him. His arms slid around my waist and he held me close to him. We eventually walked back into Sam's house and sat back at the table. "Bella, being a wolf, a shape shifter, means a lot of things. We can run exceptionally fast in both human and wolf form, our sense of sight and hearing was amplified with the change, we have huge appetites, and we heal fast. We are protectors of our tribe." "What are you protecting them against?" I asked, fearing I already knew the answer. "The reason we exist is to kill vampires," he spoke softly. I nodded, unable to say anything because honestly what do you say to that? 'Oh hey just to let you know, I dated your enemy.' I could feel the tears forming in the corners of my eyes. He was going to tell me to leave. He was going to tell me that he was done with me because he knows what the Cullen's are. Before I could fully panic though, Sam grabbed my hand and gave a gentle squeeze to gain my attention. I looked into his eyes and he gave me a tender smile. "Bella, I know that the Cullen's are vampires, but that isn't the reason I told you about me turning into a giant wolf. There is a reason I need you to know. Us being shape shifters are supposed to remain a secret to outsiders, only the pack and the council know about us. I was able to share this with you because there is something else that I need to tell you," he told me looking nervous. I gently squeezed Sam's hand and gave him a small smile. "What is it Sam?" "There is something that we as wolves do to find our soul mates. It is called imprinting. We find our perfect match when we look into her eyes. She becomes the most important thing in our world. Nothing else matters but her and her happiness." Sam took a deep breath and looked into my eyes and I knew without him having to say it that he imprinted on me. The way he stared at me and watched me with such adoration, I knew it to be true. "You imprinted on me?" I asked with a smile. He nodded and gave me a small smile in return. I stood up and wrapped my arms around his neck and placed kisses all over his face. He wrapped his arms around me and held me close to him. "Does this mean that you accept me and my wolf?" He asked against my neck. "Yes, I accept you both," I told him looking into his eyes. "What exactly does it mean being imprinted?" Sam pulled me into his lap and kept his arms wrapped around me. "It means that I will be anything you need. A friend, a brother, a protector, or a lover. Old Quil and Harry Clearwater believe that we imprint to find our perfect match so we can eventually make a stronger generation of wolves. Billy Black and Sue Clearwater believe that this happens to make our wolves stronger," he explained. I turned in his lap to face him, "And what do you believe?" I asked him. "I believe imprinting is a combination of both. I think we imprint to make our wolves and the next generation stronger." I thought about that for a few minutes and it seemed to make sense to me. Stronger wolves would definitely make the next generation more powerful. I grinned and kissed his cheek and snuggled into his chest. Running my fingers along his abs in nonsensical patterns I spoke in barely a whisper, but I knew he could hear me. "I want you to be my friend, my protector, and my lover. I could never see you as a brother. When you showed me your wolf, I knew that I would fall in love with you and him. I care so deeply for you Sam. You saved me in the forest, but you also saved me from myself. I want a life with you and I hope you want a life with me." Sam lifted my chin with his finger and stared into my eyes, "I want a life with you Bella. I don't see you as a sister and I'm already falling in love with you. I want us to live together, get married, and then start a family. I want you to be my everything and I will be anything you need." I pressed my lips to his and poured everything that I felt for this amazing man into the kiss. He kissed me back with as much emotion and when we pulled apart gasping for breath; he swiped the tears that slid down my cheeks. "Is that a yes?" He asked me softly. I nodded, "It's a yes." He smiled the most beautiful smile that I had ever seen on his face and kissed me once, twice, three times. "Would you like to meet the rest of the pack?" "How many of them are there?" I asked. "There are three of us; Jared, Paul, and myself. I phased first which is why I am the alpha of the pack. Then Jared and Paul phased around the same time." "Are there other members of the tribe that will phase?" I wondered. "I know that Jacob Black will phase and I am pretty sure that Quil Ateara will phase as well. As far as anyone else in the tribe, the Clearwater's have the gene in their bloodline, but it doesn't mean that Seth will phase. He is still so young," he explained to me. I nodded, unsure of what to say and then an idea came to me. Sam said the pack has huge appetites, I could cook for all of us and hopefully meeting them will be a little easier on everyone. "How about I cook and then you can call Jared and Paul and ask them to come to supper. I'll let my dad know that I'll be home later tonight." "Stay the night with me?" Sam asked. "I'd have to go to my house to get some clothes and my toiletries," I said with a smile. My dad could say no, but I am 18 so he can't stop me. Christmas break just started today so I don't have school for nearly three weeks. It would be so nice to fall asleep in Sam's arms and wake up with him in the morning. "Well, let's go get your things, tell your dad I am your guy, go to the store and get what you want to cook, then we can come back here and call Jared and Paul and invite them to come over." "Hmm, my guy? How about my everything? My will be lover? My future husband and the future father of my children?" I asked him with a smile. "As much as I would love to tell the Chief that I am going to marry you, make love to you, and have babies with you, I think we better start slow with him and say I'm your boyfriend," he said with a grin. I playfully rolled my eyes and said, "Well I suppose you are right. I'd hate to scare the Chief. What if he tried to shoot you?" I joked and then thought about it. "Oh! What if he does try to shoot you? You said you heal fast, but can you heal from a gunshot?" "Baby, calm down. I don't think Charlie will shoot me, but if for some reason he did, it wouldn't kill me. It would hurt like hell, but I would heal." I took a deep breath and nodded. "Then we will just have to make sure my dad isn't wearing his gun when we get to my house. I would be very upset if he shot you," I told him. "I'd be upset if he shot me too, but then you would be my nurse," he said to me and smirked. I giggled and stood up, grabbing his hand. "Come on, let's go get everything we need so we can get back and I can start cooking. Maybe you should put a shirt and some shoes on. I like you being half naked, but I don't want anyone else seeing you like that. I don't share." "I'm all yours baby," he told me wrapping his arms around me. "Still, I'd hate to have to claw some woman's eyes out because she was staring at what is mine," I smirked. "Jealous Bella is sexy," he said between kisses. He pulled away and went down the hall and came out a few minutes later with a black t-shirt on and some tennis shoes. I looked him up and down and smiled. The shirt was pulled tight across his chest, showing off his muscles in a sinfully delicious way. I think I may have even licked my lips. "Do you approve?" Sam asked me playfully. "Oh yeah, I approve. You look hot