Author: JaspersDarlinKathy Pairing: Bella/Jacob Rating: M Summary: Jacob thought he had his shot at love only to lose it. He found the other half of his one night in Port Angeles and he knew he would make a list of all the things he would miss if he ever lost her. O/S based loosely on the song, "The List" by Ne-Yo. A/H. Beta: None Complete Disclaimer : All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Jacob POV I've lived in La Push, Washington all my life and I was honestly beginning to think I would be alone for the rest of said life and I was okay with that. Twenty-two years old and I've had one girlfriend and she dumped me to be with some rich asshole she met in Forks, the small Podunk town twenty miles away from home. I haven't dated since and I wasn't looking to either. A quick fuck once a week and I was happy to stay single. It was Friday night and like usual, I had no plans. I figured I would order a pizza, drink some beer, and watch TV. The only time I typically went anywhere besides work, was on the rare occasion I accompanied my friends to Port Angeles for drinks. A knock at the door broke me out of my thoughts. I sighed as I pushed myself up from the sofa and walked into the kitchen. Swinging the door open, I was greeted with Quil, Embry, Jared, Paul, and Sam. I mentally rolled my eyes and stood to the side to allow them to come in. I knew what they wanted, to go out. That's all they ever wanted and each time I would downright refuse, but not tonight. For some reason, I felt like I should go. "We're heading to Port Angeles. Get your ass dressed and come with us," Paul told me. "Is that your way of asking?" I countered. "I wasn't asking dipshit. You've been holed up in this place every weekend. The only thing you do is go to work. When is the last time that bitch even came over for a fuck?" He asked. "She doesn't come here anymore," I responded. "My point exactly," he rolled his eyes. "Now you're coming with us, either willingly or forcefully," he cracked his knuckles for emphasis. "Whatever," I scoffed and headed towards my room after shutting the door. I dressed in a pair of dark wash denim jeans that hung low on my hips and a white t-shirt that showed off my muscles. I slipped on my 'shit kickers' as Paul referred to my Steve Madden boots and went to brush my teeth. After giving myself a once over, I was declared ready and headed back to the front with my friends. All six of us piled in my behemoth of a truck and we were off to P.A.'s one and only night club. The chatter was mundane on the ride there. However, when we got to the club and I couldn't find a place to park close; I began to wonder if I should have just stayed home. We climbed out of my truck and walked the few blocks to our destination. Once inside, I knew I should turn around and walk right back out. The place was crowded. It smelled like beer, sweat, and sex. I pushed my way through the throng of patrons and made it to the bar. I ordered six beers and handed off the money as I reached for the bottles. "Would you like some help?" The voice of an angel asked me. I turned to see the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my entire life. She was maybe 5'2 with long mahogany colored hair, deep chocolate eyes that could pierce my soul, plump pouty lips I wanted to kiss, breasts the perfect size for my hands, and hips I could grab a hold of as my cock pounded into her tight pussy. I felt myself grow hard just looking at this goddess in front of me. "Sure," I grinned. She smiled and grabbed two of the beers along with her cocktail. I turned away from her to scan the crowd for my friends and spotted them in the corner at a table. I motioned with my head for her to follow me and we made our way through all the sweaty bodies. The DJ here always played the best music; songs you wanted to dance to. We made it to the table and I handed off my four beers to Sam, Jared, Quil, and Embry. The gorgeous woman next to me passed one to Paul and gave me the last one. "I'm Jacob," I turned to her. "I'm Bella," she responded, biting her bottom lip. I felt myself twitch in my pants and willed my cock to go down before she noticed my predicament. Paul cleared his throat and gained the attention of the sexy vixen next to me. "I'm Paul. This is Jared, Sam, Embry, and Quil," he smirked while pointing them out as he went. "Hey," she smiled. Jared, Sam, and Embry gave her smiles and head nods in return. "Wanna join us beautiful?" Quil asked flirtatiously. She shook her head no, "There's only enough room left for one person to sit." I leaned in close to her ear and whispered, "You can sit on my lap." She blushed and turned to look at me before agreeing. I pulled the chair out far enough away from the table for the both of us and sat. Bella perched on my left thigh and I closed my eyes as I inhaled her scent. She smelled like strawberries and vanilla. I couldn't tell if it was her shampoo or perfume, but it was making my mouth water. "So Bella, tell us about yourself," Sam spoke for the first time. "What would you like to know?"She wondered. I placed my hand on her lower back and asked, "You live here in Port Angeles?" "I live in Forks, but I came here for college," she responded. I wondered why I've never seen her before. I own an auto repair shop in Forks so I'm there all the time. "I work in Forks and I've never seen you before," I told her. "Where do you work?" She asked. "I own Black's Auto Body and Repair," I answered. "I don't go into town much," she mumbled. "What's your major?" Jared questioned. "I graduated with a degree in English. Unfortunately, Forks isn't in need of teachers at the moment." "Would you be willing to drive to La Push Reservation? I know for a fact they are looking for teachers," I told her. She turned to look at me and her face was so close to mine. If I just leaned in a few inches I would be able to kiss her. "Do you think they would hire me?" She asked excitedly. "We'd put in a good word for you Bella," Embry chuckled. I glared at my friends, telling them to back off with my eyes. She was mine, I saw her first. She was sitting in my lap for fucks sake and they were all flirting with her. Sam, Jared, and Embry each discreetly nodded, letting me know they got the message. Paul and Quil both looked mischievous. I narrowed my eyes at them and looked at Bella when she nudged me. Before she could say anything the waitress came over and asked us what we wanted to drink. I ordered another round and Bella said she wanted a Blow Job. I choked on my beer and she giggled. I shook my head at her and smirked. The guys all chuckled and a few minutes later the waitress came back with our drinks. I kept noticing the guys all staring at Bella and it was seriously pissing me off. Embry and I were the only one's single. The rest of them all had girlfriends. I was about ready to smack them all upside their heads. Bella grabbed her shot and her tongue peaked out to lick the whipped cream. I inwardly groaned imagining her tongue licking the head of my cock. I shifted in my seat and slid my arm around her waist, pulling her a little closer to me. She snuggled into my chest and downed her shot. Her tongue slowly licked the whipped cream off her lips and she stood, grabbing my hand and pulling me to the dance floor. I held her close as we swayed to "The List" by Ne-Yo. Her head was tucked in the crook of my neck and I could feel her warm breath wash over my skin. "I love this song," she whispered in my ear. When the song was over I began to release her, but she wrapped her hands around my neck tighter and pulled me down to her level. "Take me home," she whispered seductively. I swallowed hard and studied her for a moment to see if she was serious. Could I have a one night stand with this goddess in front of me? Would I ever be able to see her again? I knew by looking at her that I wanted more than just one night. I nodded and reached for her hand, pulling her back to the table. Sam was on the phone so I waited until he was done before I said anything. I took my keys out of my pocket and handed them to him. He looked at me with a raised brow. "Bella and I are leaving. You can drive my truck home, but you better not wreck her," I warned. "No need, Leah and the girls are on their way. She just got off work and I asked her to meet us here. We can ride home with them," he told me as he gave me back my keys. "Alright, well we are out of here." The guys all told Bella bye and she gave them a wave as she pulled me towards the door. We walked outside and the air was cooler. She leaned into me and I wrapped my arm around her, holding her close. We got to my truck and she looked from the ground to the seat with furrowed brows after I opened her door. I chuckled and lifted her into the cab. Once she was situated I headed to my side and climbed in. She slid across the seat and rested her head on my shoulder. I put my arm around her after I maneuvered my truck into traffic. She sighed and placed her hand on my thigh. "How'd you get here? Do you have a car?" I asked. She shook her head, "A friend dropped me off and I told her I would get a cab back." I could tell she was hiding something, but I didn't know what. She was dressed in a pair of dark skinny jeans and a long sleeved tight shirt that showed off her curves. Every few minutes she would look around like she was searching for something. "So, where am I taking you?" "Can we go to your place?" She asked shyly. I nodded and drove us to my two bedroom cabin deep in the woods in La Push. I didn't have any neighbors and I liked it that way. I parked the truck and hopped out, walking around to her side. I lowered her to the ground and held her hand as we walked into my home. "It's beautiful," she whispered, looking around. "Thanks," I smiled. "You want something to drink? I'm hungry; I can order us some pizza since it's still pretty early." "Pizza sounds good. What do you have to drink?" I opened the