Beneath the Lettering Chapter one May 19 WARNING: Sorry, most of the facts are wrong and I am planing to fix them. I watch as Peeta pulls on his Marine uniform. This is his fourth tour of Afghanistan. It never gets easier, watching him pack and get ready to leave. If anything it gets harder. His First tour was the worst though. XxxOxxX It was a cold winter day. It was my 20th birthday. I had spent the day with Madge, Delly, Prim, and Annie. We had gone shopping. Annie had just gotten engaged to Finnick a week before. We were all happy for her. Madge and Gale had gotten married six months before. Delly and Thom were just getting serious about their relationship. But Peeta and I had been dating for four years. All of the guys, except Thom who would be joining them a month later, were leaving for Afghanistan in two weeks. It would be Gale, Thom, and Finnick's second tour and Peeta's first. That night they threw me a surprise party. All our friends and family came. There was delicious food, dancing, loud music, games…. everything. I got to forget about losing Peeta for a year for a few hours. When it was time to blow out the candles and cut the cake, Peeta stood up on a table and said he had an announcement. He hoped off and grabbed my wrist. He pulled me to the middle of the large living room and faced me. I was so confused. Peeta knelt down. Pulled out a ring and said "Katniss Bell Everdeen, I love you so much. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I have loved you for as long as I can remember. I love everything about you. Would you please give me the immense honor of marrying you?" Tears spilled from my eyes. I was so shocked. I loved this man kneeling in front of me with all my heart. "Yes, Peeta Dylan Mellark, I will marry you." I said then kissed him feverishly. He slid the ring on my finger and spun me around. We cut the cake and danced all night. Then two weeks later they left. Madge and Annie found out they were pregnant a month after they left. Annie suffered a miscarriage and Finnick was allowed to come home for two weeks to comfort his heartbroken fiancée. It was good to see him. He told us all the stories they had made. Madge went on to have Gale's first child, a boy named Ethan Ford Hawthorne. He had blond hair like his mother and grey eyes like his father, even as a baby he looked like his father. Gale was given one month off. Annie and I planned our weddings. Hers was to be two months after they came home. Mine a month after hers. I had almost everything picked out. Peeta and I communicated though letters. I would send him pictures and he would tell me if he liked them or not in the next letter. We would also just tell each other about what was happening in an additional letter we would include in the envelope. Weeks past this way, the weeks turned into months. And when the final month came, I counted the days. Then on the final day I counted the hours. I waited in the airport counting the minutes. We were all there. Madge with Ethan cradled in her arms. Annie, Delly, and I held hands. I had my other hand on Madge's shoulder. Finnick was the first to show. Annie released her hand from Delly and her mother's and ran into Finnick's arms. Finnick dropped his bag and picked her up. Kissing her with a passion. Thom was next to emerge. Delly ran into his arms and kissed him to. Next was Gale. Madge, unable to run with Ethan, handed him to Hazelle, Gale's Mother, and ran to him. I watched as other men and women run to their families and lovers. And I waited there. Thoughts arose in my head. What if he wasn't supposed to come home to day? Or maybe he is just stuck on the plane. I still counted the minutes. Then after ten minutes of counting a blond headed blue-eyed man walked though the doors. And then our eyes met. My heart gushed at the sight of him. I started to walk, then fastened into a jog, then a run then a sprint. Peeta did the same. The world around me stopped spinning. I crashed into Peeta. Smacking my lips in to his. I was the one who had to wait the longest to see my love. I inhale Peeta's natural scent that I missed so. Kissing him repeatedly. We break the kiss and stare into each other's eyes. "I missed you so much" I say to him. "I missed you beyond compare" he replied then kissed me one last time. Peeta's family ran up and hugged him and told him how much they missed him. Finnick, Thom, and Gale's families did the same. After we were all done we piled into the cars. I rode with Peeta and His family. They still owned their Old Town and Country. I sat next to Peeta holding his hand in mine. Peeta watched as we drove to our hometown of Wilmington, North Carolina. "I missed this place," Peeta said. We made it to the Mellark Bakery and then we went to the Mellark's home. I helped Peeta unpack and we sat in his room. Peeta repeatedly said, "I missed this place" and would pick up an item and say, "I missed this". Peeta and I soon took a walk along the beach. He turned to me and said, "I missed a lot of things while I was gone but I missed you by far the most." Then kissed me. After that we tried to get back to the daily routine. Annie and Finnick's wedding was beautiful. It was set on the beach. Annie's gown fit her like a glove and Finnick looked devilishly handsome. My wedding soon snuck up on me. Peeta and I had picked out a house on the coast and were suppose to move in after our honeymoon. The day of my wedding, I woke up to Cinna and an oddly dress prep team. Cinna is a long time friend. He agreed to make my wedding dress and help prep me for my wedding. Cinna, My Bridesmaids, the prep team, and I all drove together to the Venue. There we were all got ready together. Cinna made my wedding dress a strapless ball gown with a sweet heart neckline. The dress was made out of silk that hugged me in all the right places and showed of the curves of my body perfectly. My bridesmaids, who included Annie, Prim, Madge, Delly, Johanna, and Effie, wore forest green strapless dresses that fell to their knees. Each one's hair was in curls and a sunset orange carnation corsage on their wrists. Peeta's Groomsmen would wear a black suit and Sunset orange tie and flower to match the girls' corsages. I had my hair up in a fancy braided bun and a veil falling elegantly from it. I remember my mother walking up behind me after I had just stepped into my heels and just finished applying the last bit of makeup. I was staring in the mirror. "You look like a beautiful bride," she said. She removed her necklace and put it on me. "Your father gave this to me on our wedding day. I want you to have it." I touch the medallion softly. My Father had died in a car crash. It hurt all of us tremendously. It was a silver chain and a blue tanzanite gem placed inside it. I turned to her. "I can't take this," I say softly. "I want you to have it. It's your wedding day. It will bring good luck. I love you, Kat." She says then kisses me on the forehead. "I love you too, mom," I say. After that Effie started running around the room yelling, "It's show time!" Effie wasn't only a bridesmaid but my wedding planner and hated being late. We all stood in a front of the large doors that lead to the outside ceremony. Music started playing; Rory and Prim were the first ones to go, then Delly and Thom, then Gale and Madge, then Effie and Haymitch, then Johanna and her boyfriend Alec. Annie and Finnick being the Best man and Maid of honor walk down the isle last. Here Comes the Bride music plays and the sound of everyone standing up filled my ears. Butterflies rise in the pit of my stomach. My mother looped her arm with mine. The doors open and I lock eyes with Peeta. He is wearing his Marines uniform. His smile reached ear to ear. When I reached the podium mother kissed my cheek and handed me over to Peeta. I took Peeta's hands in mine and just knew we would make it though anything. That day was magical. We both said, "I do" and placed each other's ring on our fingers. The kiss we shared was just perfect. The food was magnificent. Our first dance was so sweet I could taste it on my tongue. Peeta made the cake. I was amazed at the skill Peeta had. Peeta and I drove off in his beat up 2004 Honda Civic. We drove to the airport and flew to Thailand. It was a perfect three weeks we were there we went swimming, hiking, swimming with dolphins, and relaxed. A year after our marriage Peeta was asked to serve another tour of 6 months with Finnick, Thom, Gale, and Alec. He accepted. I remember that was our first real fight. I remember falling to my knees crying. Him holding me as I wept. I asked him "What if you die out there?" "Kat, Marines don't die, they go to hell and regroup," he said smiling. "Peeta, I'm being serious," I said glaring at him. "I won't die, cross my heart," he said drawing an X over his chest. I mirror the action. It was something we did all the time when one of use was unsure about something. Heck, we even did it when one of us wanted to try a new sandwich and the other thought it would be disgusting. It was just our way of saying 'Nothing is going to go wrong'. When he left I cried for two nights strait. Annie had again found out she was pregnant but this time she did go full term and had their little baby boy, Bay Crest Odair. He had his father's hair and his mother's eyes. He looked more like Annie than Finnick. She had him two nights after the boys got home. Finnick was the proudest father but you could tell he wished he were there for her during her pregnancy. She stayed with me for most of her pregnancy for both of two reasons. She was completely terrified that she would lose this one too and It felt so completely alone in my house that I couldn't stand it anymore so when Annie asked if she could stay a few nights I welcomed her in full-heartedly. Never in my life have I ever felt so alone. Again a year after he came home he was offered another 6 month tour with the boys. And again he accepted. But before they left Delly and Thom where wed. It was beautiful and you could feel the love generating off of them. Then they left for another tour. The house felt so empty. I felt so alone. A few weeks after they left I found out I was pregnant. Right when I got home that day I wrote Peeta a letter and called up the girls. My ear hurt from all the screaming and shouting but