Part 1 I liked him first. I mean, I suppose I could have said something about it. But she should have known, you know? In that annoying, best friend mind-reading way. Scratch that, I loved him first. And now it's all turned to shit because of Delly fucking Cartwright. Because she couldn't keep her slutty body to herself. Delly was a good friend, don't get me wrong. Always there for me when I was stressed or in one of my vicious moods. My sometimes harsh words never shook her, didn't even make her flinch. But she always got the boys that she wanted. Always . Once she set her sights on him, she had him. Whether it took just a flirtatious wink or weeks of subtle pursuing, she got the guy in the end. So when she set her eyes on none other than Peeta Mellark, I knew that I'd lost him for good. I should have known better than to introduce them to each other in the first place. It made sense at the time; he was one of my best friends and so was Delly. But looking deeper, they were alike in ways that Peeta and I weren't. They liked the same annoying, generic pop music, drank the same drinks, and loved the same movies and books. They were both blonde-haired and blue-eyed. A very cute couple as my mother had referred to them. Prim saw right through the fake smile that I had plastered on my face when they announced that they were a couple, though. She saw the way I looked at him and acted around him. I was only ever as happy as I was with Prim when I was with Peeta. They were the only two people in the world that could get a genuine smile or laugh out of me. Peeta and I had met when we were four years old. He approached me, holding a small, yellow dandelion, and presented it to me. "You're prettier than all of the flowers." I wrinkled my nose, because in four years of life no one had ever told me I was pretty. Not my mother, or any of my many aunties and uncles. "This is a weed," I responded, giving it back to him. "What's your name?" "Katniss." Silence. "Can we be friends?" "No." "Why not?" Peeta asked, sticking out his bottom lip childishly. Even back then I thought it was cute. "I don't have any friends. I wouldn't be any good at it." "Oh I don't mind. I'll show you how. I have lots of friends." I had considered it, but Peeta must have taken my silence as a yes. He sat down quickly beside me and grabbed my hand. And neither of us have looked back since. "I love you, Delly Catwright. Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?" Peeta was on his knee in front of me, his hand held out dramatically. It was empty now, but in about three hours it would be holding a tacky, sparkling engagement ring. I knew it was the kind of thing Peeta hated. Too flashy. Whatever it takes to make Delly happy, of course, I thought bitterly. "It's.. Great, Peeta. She's going to love it so much. Don't mess it up." I winked at him and he only snorted. "Seriously, Kat, I've been planning this for months. I have that god-damned speech engraved in my brain. I won't mess it up, trust me." I rolled my eyes at his cockiness and pointed towards the bathroom. "Now go shower 'cause you smell disgusting, Mellark. No one's gonna marry you if you stink like that." He only grinned at me in response and retreated to the small, white bathroom, locking the door behind him. He had gone for what must have been at least a six mile run, something he only did when he was incredibly angry or nervous. This was at least the tenth time that he had practice-proposed in the last two weeks, and after about the third time, I started to long for him to be doing it for real. But it was not real. Just pretendBecause he had a better option somewhere else; an option that I had made available to him. And I hated myself for it. "Katniss fucking Everdeen I am engaged! " Peeta bellowed, slamming the door behind him and dropping his keys noisily in the small dish in the hallway. "Good. I wouldn't have let you in here if you had fucked it up!" Peeta pouted petulantly at me and reached into the large fridge in their kitchen, grabbing two beers. "Are you drunk, Peeta?" I asked, laughing at how long it took for him to actually find the beer, despite it being in the same place as it always was. He scoffed. "No." But when he tossed the beer to me, only for it to go about a meter off course and fall to the floor, he shrugged. "Maybe a little." I rolled my eyes and picked it up, setting it on the counter and getting a fresh one from the fridge. "So, tell me. Did she gush? Squeal? Cry? Oh that's it, Delly's definitely a crier." He sat down next to me and swallowed a large gulp before replying. "Got it in one, Everdeen. She did all three." Peeta's smile was cocky, and he was clearly pleased with himself. "Of course she did. Finish your drink and then we're getting you into bed. You still have work tomorrow, no matter how engaged you are." I joked, winking at him. He just laughed at muttered a whatever to me, swigging his beer. About an hour later, Peeta was well past tipsy. And he can get incredibly cuddly when he's drunk, which was the last thing I needed. I may have been in love with him, but Delly was still my best friend; I would never betray her like that. "Ok, time for bed. It's late, and I am not looking after you tomorrow when you're hungover." I snapped playfully, grabbing his forearm and pushing him up. When he was on his feet, he stared down at me. Peeta had always been much taller than me, but not in an awkward, lanky way. "Wait, Katniss." Peeta's gaze made me feel two feet tall. I raised an eyebrow at him in response and tried to quell the butterflies raging in the pit of my stomach. I had stood up without thinking about how I would end up, and of course it put me mere inches from him. I inhaled deeply, taking in his inviting scent of cinnamon, and I could feel the heat rolling off his body in waves. "You're pretty." I took a second to try to come to my senses. I wanted nothing more than to wrap my arms around his neck and have my way with him until the sun comes up, but I couldn't. "You're drunk." He doesn't love you. He's engaged to your other best friend. He's just drunk. The voices in my head were screaming at me to just go to bed already, and I knew that it would have been the wise decision. But there was this one tiny voice that was whispering softly to me. Kiss him. You love him. More than Delly ever could. I felt like I was being torn in two. Without realising it, and without my brain's consent, I had begun to lean slowly towards him, my eyes fixated on his beautiful, full lips. Peeta seemed to realise what was happening, and he, too, looked conflicted. Something that I couldn't quite put my finger on flashed in his eyes for a split second, and then they fluttered closed. His lips were so close, but his face suddenly paled. His hand flew to cover his mouth, and he ran in the direction of the bathroom. Peeta was far from a lightweight, so he must have had a lot more than I thought at dinner. He had only had two beers with me, and beer never made him sick. I could hear him emptying his stomach, so I grabbed a towel from the kitchen drawer and a glass of water and went in to rub awkward circles on his back and whisper soothing words to him. If there was one thing Peeta hated, it was being sick. He finally stopped about ten minutes later, so I wrapped an arm around his waist and led him to his bedroom. I sat on his bed and stared at the photos on his wall while I was waiting for him to change. Most of them were of us, and as they went from the left to the right they gradually got newer. I noticed that as they moved from left to right, the amount of photos of me, smiling and laughing - or scowling - into the camera, decreased. And there were more of Delly. But, all of the photos of Delly were when she was perfectly clean and made up. Almost all of the photos of me were taken outdoors; after swimming in the lake my father used to take me to; after hiking through the woods; lying soaked to the skin after a rain storm. The last photo of me on the wall - and the newest - was taken about a month ago before a fundraiser for Peeta's art course that he held for children. I was smiling shyly at the photo and my cheeks were slightly flushed, because Peeta's hand had snaked around my waist and had been grasping my side tightly. He had looked particularly sexy in his perfectly tailored black tuxedo, and I had had a hard time controlling my gaze as it swept over him; trying not to linger anywhere. I hadn't been anything special that night in my simple red dress. Many people had asked that night how long we had been together, but all Peeta offered in response was a slight shake of his head and a timid smile in my direction. I, too, had a copy of the photo in my bedroom, but mine was in a frame. I felt tears begin to burn behind my eyes as I realised that Delly was slowly replacing me. I hadn't thought much of it until now, but the photos had been a visual representation of what had been inevitable. I left the room and sprinted to my bedroom without saying goodnight to Peeta. I flopped face-first down on my bed and, for the first time since I first saw Peeta and Delly kiss three years ago, I let my tears soak my pillow until the early hours of the morning. When I finally did find sleep, it was restless, and disturbed with graphic nightmares of losing Peeta. I lost count of how many different visions of him dying I saw, but I woke up screaming after a particularly bad one. Peeta was by my side within a minute, holding me and brushing away the fat tears that were tracking down my cheeks. I saw him, thought of Delly, and took the opportunity to cry to him. I pretended that he was comforting me about the whole situation. Sobbing into his thin t-shirt, I held him as close as physically possible as he whispered soothing words in my ear. After about an hour I managed to calm myself down enough to be able to speak to Peeta. He asked what the nightmare was about, but I couldn't bring myself to tell him that it was about losing him; his blood soaking my hands and clothes while Delly laughed mercilessly in the background. Even though it was seven in the morning, I felt my eyelids begin to get heavier by the minute. Peeta also noticed, and layed me down in my bed. He gave me a chaste kiss on the forehead, but I grabbed his hand when he began to move away. "Stay." I