Summary: A NYC barman views his mind reading as an isolating cancer, until he meets the lonely 28yr old trying to escape her heartbreaking reality. Edward has had a life full of harsh lessons. He trusts nobody. Bella is faced with an uphill battle in her day-to-day existence. She never complains about the hand life has dealt her, including when a beautiful boy treats her badly, because she doesn't believe she deserves anything better. AH ExB I do not own Twilight. I wish I owned Edward though. No copyright infringement intended. Welcome. The idea for this first chapter has been floating around in my head for 8 months. I figured it was time I got it out. I've labeled this hurt/comfort in case I don't cut the grade for angst. Consider yourselves warned that hurt = pain, so don't complain when I do painful things to our favorite couple. That is my plan. Also, if you aren't a fan of the f-word, then stop now. Bella has a dirty mind. She doesn't swear that often out loud, but she wants to. One last thing… I'm over "ripping foil packets" during lemons and since this is FICTIONAL my Fanella and Ficward are disease and baby free. That's not to say I condone unprotected sex. Readers remember: if it's not on, it's not on! But, our couple won't be ripping foil anytime soon. Got it? A big thank you to Project Team Beta. The amazing mcc101180 and SqueakyZorro made this much easier for you to read. Thank you. So let the journey begin… Stolen Secrets and Shattered Dreams Chapter One – Sugarlips and Cupcake Bella slumped against the steering wheel and wanted to let the tears she had been fighting all day erupt. Instead, she took a moment, breathed deeply and tried the ignition one more time. Nothing. Her truck had finally died. Useless rusty hunk of junk. Why me? Why today? I've done nothing but give you a good life. Start, damn you. She cursed her old truck. Today had been the day from hell. Her boss was out of town at a conference on the West Coast, and that meant an endless list of tedious jobs for her to complete. James was as demanding as they came, but when he was away from the office, it was almost as though he would wrack his brain to come up with a list of things to occupy his PA. Heaven forbid she actually had an easy day in the office and didn't earn her salary in blood, sweat and tears. Bella had driven to all five New York boroughs, and that was just since lunchtime. The last errand she'd had to run was collecting the latest piece of "modern" art for his stupid collection. Modern art? More like collectable crap. Bella hated modern art—well, she did now that she spent too many afternoons wrestling delicate and usually oversized objects to get them into the back of her pickup—a pickup that no longer worked. On a normal day, her truck's death wouldn't have been a problem. She usually took the subway to work and only drove it on the weekends. Today, however, she had to run so many errands for James that she drove into the city from Queens. He hated unnecessary expenses, so the thought of catching several taxis and charging her boss would have not been worth the third degree she would have gotten when he returned. Knowing this painting was taller than her and had pieces of nightmarish knitting-gone-wrong stuck all over it, she saw no other way of getting it to the office than in the back of her pickup. However, if James found out she risked one of his precious pieces in the open-air tray, she would surely have been looking for a new job. Again, on a normal day, she would have grabbed her cell phone and called a tow truck, but as the asshole had called her twenty-three times before lunch, her cell battery had died half an hour ago. It had been so long since Bella had used a pay phone she wasn't even sure they existed. Looking up and down the street from the cab of her truck, she spotted a phone booth on the next corner. Please not be vandalized. Bella grabbed her purse and dumped the contents of it onto the seat next to her. She knew she had spent her last ten dollars buying lunch. Her hope was that somewhere in the depths of the Tardis she carried on her shoulder each day lay a couple of long forgotten quarters. It was payday tomorrow and with her father's medical bills mounting up, she rarely made it through the week with money to spare. A dime and two nickels later, she realized she would have to rely on the kindness of strangers in order to make her call. If it wasn't for the stupid "painting," she would have abandoned the rust bucket until the weekend, but the thought of wrestling the artwork onto the subway gave her an instant headache. Jumping from the protection of her truck out into the cold February weather, she scanned the street for a shop that might give her money. It always amazed Bella how many "trendy" galleries were located in buildings that had seen better days. Out of all the galleries she'd visited, she actually didn't mind this one, with the exception of the snooty receptionist. The Lower East Side was better than some of the other places she's traipsed to in her travels for James' art obsession. The gallery had closed up as soon as Bella had left since she was their only client for the day. The sandwich shop her truck had died outside of looked like it only opened during lunchtime, and at a quarter to five on a Thursday afternoon, there was no chance anyone would still be inside. The next business over looked like some kind of bar or nightclub. The heavy black wooden door was closed, but the neon sign above it shone brightly with the words BE BAR. On closer inspection, Bella saw a flashing neon sign amongst the beer and liquor ads that covered up most of the windows, which indicated they were open. Here goes nothing. Once through the heavy wooden door and into the warmth, Bella stumbled down the half dozen steps as her eyes adjusted to the dim lighting. She had expected the place to reek of stale smoke and day-old beer, but instead there was a faint hint of something herbal. Incense maybe, though it seemed out of place in this kind of establishment. The bar had an old-world feel to it—lots of polished wood and mirrored shelves. It reminded her of a saloon she'd visited with her parents on a holiday in Arizona once, but an up-market version. The floor was carpeted, and in the light, she couldn't make out the color. A couple were at the bar ordering drinks, and a few other patrons were spread around. The wall to her left was lined with cozy booths, and in front of them were a few mismatched tables and chairs. To her right was an empty space that she guessed could be used as a dance floor, since in an alcove near the entrance to the bathrooms stood a jukebox right out of the 1950s. Soft music was playing, and although she didn't recognize the artist, Bella liked it. She felt a calmness wash over her for the first time all day. Please may someone be kind and give me money to make a call. Bella walked up to the high mahogany bar and waited. She watched a lean blond bartender as he stood at the other end of the bar. He winked when their eyes met briefly. Cute. Closer to her, with his back turned toward her, stood another barman. He was tall, clearly over six feet, and in the dim light of the bar, had wild dark brown hair that seemed to have a will of its own. He wore dark burgundy jeans that Bella noticed fit him a little too well. Oh my! Cute ass. Tucked into his snug jeans was a tight black t-shirt that had the word SUGARLIPS blazoned across his broad shoulders in metallic red print. He appeared to be doing some kind of stock take of the waist-height illuminated bar fridges. Every few minutes, he would bend over and peer into the glass fridge door, probably counting. This was why Bella noticed how well his jeans clung to his ass and thighs. Oh yeah, count that one next, baby. He would suddenly straighten, and then jot something down on a notepad. Oh yeah… Fuck. I don't have time for this, as enjoyable as you are. If someone steals that ugly canvas my life will be over. Realizing he wasn't going to turn around anytime soon, Bella spoke. "Excuse me?" His piercing eyes immediately flicked to a clear section of mirrored wall between the liquor bottles, standing neatly in rows on the glass shelves above the bar. She met his gaze but had to look away. The intensity with which he was staring at her sent a shock wave through her system. Whoa. He's just some guy. Just breathe. Bella tried to breathe normally while she ran her fingers along the inside of the brass handle that ran the length of the bar. Her lunch on the run hadn't really agreed with her, so maybe that explained why her insides were churning. She had expected him to address her by now and glanced back into the mirror. Annoyance creased her brow when she saw that he had bent over again and was counting bottles of Stella Artois. What the? "Excuse me," she said louder. Taking another minute to finish counting, he slowly rose and gazed at her in the mirror once more. When his eyes met her annoyed glare, a lazy smirk crossed his lips, making one side of his mouth rise up a little higher than the other. Cute ass or not, I don't' have time for this, buster. Bella felt confused. He's seen me. He's heard me. Why the fuck isn't he serving me? She longed to be home and out of her charcoal suit and matching heels. Bella didn't particularly like business attire but wore it to keep her job. After her day, all she wanted was to soak in a warm bath with her book. Before she could voice her complaint about him ignoring her, a slurred voice from the end of the bar near the jukebox spoke. "Sscchhgalipssss, I can sssee the bottom of my glassss. Thas snot ssuppossed to be," the blond gent, dressed in a stunning three-piece suit, managed to say. The dark-haired barman responded immediately. He grabbed a bottle of amber-colored liquor from the top shelf and strode toward the inebriated man. What the fuck? I was next. Am I invisible? "My apologies, Carlisle. I was momentarily distracted." As he said this, his eyes flicked to Bella, then back to the three fingers of liquor he was pouring into the man's glass. "Join me for one, Sscchhhgaa?" the drunk slurred. "I think I will." He half turned to grab a shot glass off the bar behind him, and quickly filled it from the same bottle. Bella watched dumbfounded as he leaned one arm on the bar top while he raised the shot glass to chink with his drunken companion's. He seemed completely unconcerned by her annoyed gaze—a gaze that she hoped was burning a hole in his temple. "Hey?" she said, resting her hands on her hips. "Are you seriously just going to ignore me?" Bella's patience was wearing thin, and she could hear her own annoyance in her voice. Don't mess with me, buddy. Today is not the day. Pausing with the shot glass almost at his lips, he glanced at her. Raising one eyebrow, he nodded his