a/n: Written as part of the Spring Fling fic exchange, for Motherbirdnerd ("Birdlovesafish" on tumblr), who requested "Everlark as interns at a radio station during the Golden Age of radio." Many thanks to Court81981, SponsorMusings, and MalTease, for their support and encouragement throughout. Peeta leans against the wall of the small, ramshackle building and nervously fidgets with the end of his borrowed paisley tie. As he waits, and waits, and waits for his new boss to open the door to WPNM and let him in, he looks down once again at the scrap of paper in his hand. Just to make sure, for the fifteenth time in the ten minutes he's been standing here, that he's shown up at the right time. Six a.m. , it says. He takes his watch out again and glances at its face. It reads 6:02. Just as Peeta's about to rap on the front door – harder, this time, so there's no chance of anyone inside missing the knock – Peeta hears the tumbler of the door's lock click several times. A moment later, the rusty old door creaks open. An older gentleman with five o'clock shadow and a half-smoked cigarette clutched between his yellowing front teeth appears in the doorway. Peeta realizes right away that this must be Haymitch Abernathy, WPNM's station manager and the man who hired him for the summer sight unseen. "Mellark?" Mr. Abernathy asks gruffly around his cigarette. Even though there's no one else Peeta could possibly be. "Y-yes, sir," Peeta stammers, standing up a little straighter. He grabs the newsboy cap off his head and clutches it anxiously in both hands. "Good," Mr. Abernathy says, nodding a little. "Come in, I'll show you around." Mr. Abernathy gestures for Peeta to come in, and Peeta dutifully obeys. And he tries to stem his disappointment when he sees what's waiting for him inside. Peeta knew, of course, when he accepted this summer internship in his rural hometown of Panem, West Virginia, that his experience here would be nothing like what he's been exposed to in New York. As a third-year broadcast journalism student at NYU, Peeta has observed and studied the most famous radio stations in the country. His faculty advisor helped found NBC studios in the 1920s, and still serves on its Board of Directors. Through Professor Heavensbee and his many connections, Peeta has met and shaken hands with Fanny Brice and Jimmy Durante. He's twice watched Victor Borge perform live. Because Peeta is one of Professor Heavensbee's most talented students, he was also chosen last semester to help co-write some of the material George Burns used on a recent episode of Burns and Allen. When Mr. Burns and Gracie Allen read the lines he wrote into their gleaming microphones, it was the proudest moment of Peeta's life. But when he needed to find a paying job for the summer, Peeta knew he couldn't stay in New York. He's twenty-one years old now. A grown man, as his mother loves to remind him. Peeta knows it's time for him to start saving money as best he can and start living more responsibly. And ten dollars a week – the best pay a radio station intern is likely to find, anywhere, with times as hard as they are – stretches much further in a small West Virginian mining town like Panem than it does on Manhattan's lower west side. Especially since this summer, Peeta will be living for free in the tiny, sweltering room above his parents' bakery. There are trade-offs for being able to save some of his summer earnings, however. Most of them are apparent to Peeta the minute he steps through WPNM's front door. Peeta sees, immediately, that the station is entirely contained within one very small, dusty room. In the middle of the room there is an ancient, heavily tarnished silver microphone suspended from the ceiling by a long black rod. During Peeta's childhood, WPNM sometimes featured live performers. He guesses the musicians must have sung and played into this very microphone. But Peeta knows that the days when Panem-area residents could occasionally get live music piped directly into their homes via wireless are long gone. Clearly, he will not be working with the likes of Victor Borge or George Burns this summer. As Mr. Abernathy shows him around the station, Peeta notices a large gramophone on a table in the back corner. Shelves, stacked high with phonographs, line the walls. "Your job this summer is to make sure the tunes keep playing," Mr. Abernathy tells him abruptly as he paces the small room. He points, unnecessarily, to the stacks of records lining the walls. "Every few hours, break it up with a comedy album. At noon we play the news reel from New York." Peeta nods. "What about sponsors?" he asks. "How often do we break for them?" Haymitch stares at Peeta silently for a long moment. Then he breaks into a bitter laugh. "Sponsors, boy?" he asks, amused. "On Tuesdays, your pa comes in and talks about the bakery. Wednesdays, Sae comes in and lists off her weekly specials." He shakes his head. "But we don't charge 'em to talk. How can we?" Peeta swallows thickly. He knows that radio stations can't survive without sponsors. Paying sponsors. He doesn't know what to say. "Today's Monday," Mr. Abernathy continues, "so, just remember to play the news at noon like I said." Peeta walks over to the gramophone and sits down heavily in the chair next to it. He begins to sift through the pile of records closest to him. He sighs, resigned. In truth, Peeta has never had much of an ear for music. It was the power of modern radio to bring words – words that entertain; words that inform; words that can even transform – into people's homes and lives that drew him to broadcast journalism three years ago as a wide-eyed college freshman. It certainly wasn't big band music or jazz. Peeta takes a phonograph at random from a nearby shelf. He glances at the cover. Peeta's never heard of the singer or her band before, but that doesn't surprise him. He takes the record out of the sleeve and places it gingerly on the gramophone. "I'll see you at three, kid," Mr. Abernathy tells him as he walks to the front door. Peeta starts to panic. If Mr. Abernathy doesn't return until late this afternoon, that means Peeta will be here by himself all day. Even though WPNM is the smallest station Peeta has ever been in, he's still a novice. He knows, theoretically, how to run a broadcast. But he's never done it alone before. "Where… where are you going?" Peeta asks, trying to not sound unprofessional or scared. It's his first day on the job, after all. Despite his disappointment with WPNM, he wants to make a good impression. He doesn't want Mr. Abernathy to regret hiring him for the summer. Mr. Abernathy grabs his fedora from the hat rack near the door and places it on his head. "I'm going to try and find a way to save the station, kid," he answers Peeta, gruffly. "I scraped together the money to hire you for the summer so I'd have the time to do just that." And without another word, Mr. Abernathy walks out the door. Peeta, a little shaken by Mr. Abernathy's words, and very nervous about his ability to handle the broadcast by himself, turns back to the gramophone and carefully places the needle on the phonograph. He tries to remind, and convince, himself that he can do this as the room fills with the scratchy sound of jazz. Hours later, Mr. Abernathy throws open the front door to the station. He's awkwardly balancing a tall wooden ladder against his shoulder. In his free hand, he carries a rusted metal box that Peeta guesses must be a toolbox. Peeta's watch says it's 3:15 in the afternoon. Fifteen minutes past his official quitting time. His boss has come back not a moment too soon, Peeta thinks to himself, rubbing his eyes. Peeta likes to think he's a diligent worker. Ordinarily, he would stay longer than expected on his first day at a new job. But Peeta is also very gregarious. He hasn't seen or spoken with another person since Mr. Abernathy left the studio early this morning, and he's about to lose his mind with boredom. Plus, he's already late for coffee with Gale. So instead of offering to stay longer as he ordinarily would, Peeta walks hurriedly toward the door. "I'll see you tomorrow morning, sir," Peeta says. Bracing for a possible rebuke, or Mr. Abernathy's insistence that he stay later. But his boss doesn't acknowledge that Peeta's said anything at all. He sets up the ladder in the middle of the room, next to the ancient microphone, and digs through the open tool box. Figuring that this is as close to a formal dismissal as he's going to get today, Peeta walks out the door and rides his bicycle down the block towards Sae's greasy spoon. It's been over a year since Peeta has been to Sae's, the only place in Panem that can really qualify as a restaurant. Peeta had forgotten just how thickly the smell of burned coffee and stale cigarette smoke hangs in the air here. When he walks inside the aroma hits him like a physical blow. He holds his breath a little as he slowly weaves through the tables and makes his way towards the back booth. Where he and Gale Hawthorne have always met, ever since they were young ruffians of fourteen and sixteen years old. When he gets there he sees Gale, waiting for him with two steaming mugs of coffee. Gale must have gone ahead and ordered one for each of them when Peeta didn't show up right at three like they'd agreed. Feeling a little sheepish, Peeta sits across the table from Gale and grabs the mug closest to him. "Hey," Gale says, nodding at him and smirking a little. "Glad you could make it." Peeta nods back. He tries not to stare at Gale's hands. But he can't really help it. He sees that they're covered with traces of black grime now, and Peeta's stomach sinks. Because he knows, from a lifetime of living in Panem, that the grime will never quite wash off. His friend's hands are miner's hands now. "Sorry I'm late," Peeta says, averting his eyes and taking a delicate sip of his coffee. "First day, you know. Boss just got back twenty minutes ago." He shrugs. "Nothing I could really do but stick around." Gale nods. "Yeah. I know how that is." Peeta and Gale sit in companionable silence for a long moment after that, drinking their coffee and unwinding. Gale is Peeta's oldest friend. Despite the radically different paths their lives have taken, they've known each other so long, and know each other so well, that silence between them is never uncomfortable. "So how'd it go?" Gale asks eventually. He takes a nickel out of the front pocket of his faded, filthy work pants and spins it on its side on the chalky laminate tabletop. "Your first day I mean." Peeta shrugs again. "It was great," he lies. In truth, Peeta cannot remember a more boring day in his life. "Played records. Did the newsreel. You know, radio station stuff." Gale smiles. "That's great, Peet" he says, sincerely. "I know how hard you've worked for this." Peeta tries to smile back at his friend. It feels like a grimace. But Peeta would never complain about a day spent in a cool, comfortable room to his friend who just spent the past ten hours doing hard manual labor in a dank, dark hole in the ground. "Yeah," is all Peeta says in response, nodding and trying to sound cheerful. "Look," Gale says, pushing back his chair. "I'm sorry, buddy… but I gotta