Authors Note; The story has not changed, I am simply re-posting what I took down a few years ago, because more than a handful have asked me where they could find it. I still plan on re-writing the sucker some day but until that day arrives I will leave this one up. Hope you enjoy it, whether it's the second time around or your first time through the gate. Full Summary; Bella and Renesmee end up back in time to the first page in the Twilight book, forced to live through everything for the second time in a row, at least for Bella. But maybe, together with the help of her daughter, she can make this time a whole lot better, for everyone involved. Except, of course, the bad guys. But fate can be a funny thing and perhaps doesn't like it when you mess around in its playground. Bella needs to be careful where she treads, if she's to succeed in her dangerous plans. Prologue Forks, Washington January 17th, 2082 "Mom?" I turned towards the forest line, looking into the familiar brown eyes of my daughter. "Are you coming?" I smiled at her. "Of course, Nessie. I'm right behind you." True to my words, I ran after her, through the thick, dense forest of Washington. It had been a long time coming, but we were finally back. Back where it all started. "Oh, Mom," I heard my daughter gasp. "is this it?" She turned to me, a teary smile on her face. "Yes, honey, this is the place your Dad took me to, on our first official date. This is the meadow." She smiled through her happy tears and turned back around, dancing slowly into the middle. I swear, at that moment, she looked so much like her Aunt Alice. She spread her arms out at her sides, closed her eyes and leaned her head back. She looked so serene and I couldn't help but once more, thank whatever entity decided I should have this miracle. Even after all these decades, it still hadn't quite hit yet. I was someone's mother. "God, this place is exquisite. I can almost see you and Daddy here, falling in love. Oh, I wish I could've been there back then, to see you in the beginning." She truly didn't know what she was asking for. Of course, myself, Edward and even Jake, had filled her in on our story, but we had glossed over the details. There were some things you just didn't tell your child, regardless of how old she was. This was one of them. "I know you do, sweetie. Now, you'll have plenty of time to spend here, over the next 5 years, so why don't we go hunt. Before your uncles come looking for us." I finished with a wry snicker. Her eyes widened in mock fear and she ran quickly out of the meadow and into the widening forest, trying to hide her giggles. I rolled my eyes, smiling at her ridiculous behavior and followed behind her once more. She was fast... for a human. I was faster. God, now I'm starting to sound like my husband. I think I've been married for too long. It can't be healthy, I'm telling you. "Mom! No cheating. Hasn't Grandma Esme taught you anything?" I heard the laugh in her voice, outweighing her words, as I launched right past her and took over the lead. "It's not cheating, my little half-human monster." I jokingly shot back at her, running backwards so I could look at her. Now it was her time to roll the eyes a bit. Just because I had given in to the ludicrous name, Nessie, didn't mean I had to like it. So I did what any mother would do. I came up with my very own, a mock of the original one. And, to myself and Edward, a sort of inside joke. It may not be the most original, but I liked it. My daughter did not. Which was why I liked to tease her with it. Yeah, so maybe Emmett rubbed off on me a bit as well. Monster caught up to me and put her hand in mine, as we ran side by side in the forest we called home. Even if we hadn't been here for approximately 75 years. There were going to be a lot of changes. Unlike the last time around, Dad wouldn't be here. He died 20 years ago, at the old age of 88. Monster saw him often, right up until the very end. He never questioned why none of us aged, staying true to his need-to-know request. There would also be none of the friends, I had kept as safe as possible in my murky memory vault. Of course, that also meant none of the bad. No James. No close call in Port Angeles. No persistent Mike, who just wouldn't take no for an answer. No Jessica to be jealous. No mysterious secrets to unravel about the 5 strange kids. But I think I might trade all those in, if it meant getting back some of the good. The first time I talked to my husband, in biology. The first time his smile was meant for me especially. The meadow. The first time I was introduced to Alice, Emmett and the rest of my family. Yes, even Rose. Even something as simple as cooking for Charlie. Even something as abhorring as going to Prom. I would do it all again in a heartbeat, knowing it would turn out the way it did. Although I was quite content with the way my existence was now. "What are you thinking about, Mom?" My daughter shook me out of my thoughts and I realized we were far away from the meadow by now. Wow. Even as a vampire, I zone out. "The past." I said and she knew enough to let it be. What I said earlier, was every bit the truth. I took after my husband and my brother, but those weren't the only ones. Like Esme, I found myself often wishing I could cry, just to get an outlet of my emotions. And to lessen Jasper's pain. While I did not enjoy shopping and never would, some of Alice's exuberance had rubbed off on me. Carlisle's calm and patience, although my family tried to convince me that it had always been there. But the one I saw as most important of all, was what I had gotten from Rose. I was not the same girl that moved to Forks almost 80 years ago and I don't mean because of what I am. I mean, because of who I am. Who I have become. Thanks to my sister. More outgoing. Immensely daring. Able to speak up about anything I feel like. At times even thriving in the public light. Showing my true emotions and not just humoring someone to be nice. Rose, most of anything, taught me to never do things just to please someone else. I should always follow my own heart and mind. I loved my sister to death. I felt my daughter squeezing the hand that was grasped in hers and I looked beside me to see what she wanted. I did not need to watch where I was going. She was gazing at me with a secretive smile and then she launched into the fastest speed she had in her. I could feel her excitement, over the metaphorical mother-daughter bond we had. Although I could not guess at the reason. Until we came closer. Most of the witnesses from all those years ago, including the Denali family, refused to enter this particular field, ever again. The memories brought forth too many shattering emotions. Fear, pain, anxiety, shock and so many more. Jasper had tried to explain each and every one of them to us, a few years after the confrontation, but even he hadn't caught them all. The point I am trying to make, is that it is quite possible, that Monster is the only one who is still eager to come here. I understand her reasons though. Despite the life lost here that day, Renesmee was filled with pride at the memories. Pride that so many of our kind had stepped forward, to protect not only her, but our family as well. Pride that the wolves had put aside their differences and mistrust, to work together against a common foe. Pride that even a few of the Volturi witnesses had gone against their Masters. Pride was in every pore of her body, whenever she stood in the large field. Me? I still couldn't look at it without picturing a game of baseball. Go figure. Monster ran around the grand field many times, getting her fill of the land and trying to figure out what the next big event would be. Of course she had been told about the first meeting with the nomads, that ended in the deaths of all three. The battle against the newborn army, alongside the wolves. And she was there for the confrontation so I wont even mention that. She was sure the next big thing would come, now that we were back. I hope to God that she's wrong. "Come on, Mom," I saw that my girl had plopped down right in the middle, sitting cross-legged on the grass. "join me for a moment." She petted the ground next to her, as if speaking to a little child. I rolled my eyes to cover the clenching of my heart, at the memory of the relationship between me and my own mom. I dropped down behind my girl, placing my legs around hers and wrapping my arms around her midsection. I needed the comfort right now and I knew she felt it. Besides, unlike myself before the change, Ren was very comfortable with emotional displays of affection and I knew it didn't bother her a bit. God, I couldn't love her more than I already did. "Are you okay, Mom?" She whispered, after we had been sitting there for a few hours. We had yet to hunt, but were instead caught up in the moment. "Yes honey, I'm fine. It's just... this place." She knew I wasn't simply talking about the field we were currently in. "All those memories... they may have seemed dull in the last many years, but being here now... they're stronger somehow." I sighed out the last part, trying to convey my meaning. "I understand." She said, still whispering slightly. She had been told of our past, but it was difficult for her, since most of her time spent here were happy memories. Times with Jake in the beginning and meeting all of those nomads who were so entranced by her. Connecting with her parents and family, before anyone really knew her. Developing her personality and gift, in the warmth of a loving home. She had missed it as completely as me, just for different reasons. I decided that we needed a lighter topic, so I changed it to one I wouldn't have expected to call lighter when I was still human. My... son-in-law. "So, what's Jake up to right now?" I was curious. He was still my best friend in many ways. A serene smile came on her lips, as it always did when her wolf was mentioned. "He's visiting his old house and meeting up with the Pack. With Sam out of the picture, he's anxious to meet the new Leader. Size him up, y'know?" I laughed in response, I did know. It was typical Jake. I myself was curious to hear about the new Alpha, as I had aptly named it many years ago. Sam wasn't gone yet, but he had stopped phasing a long time ago, choosing to start a family with Emily. Last I heard he had four descendants and eleven grandchildren. Jonah was the new head now and I was sure he