A/N: Edited March 3/2010 Again, to those readers who have already read C&P, the edits are not plot changing. They are just meant to fix up those beginners mistakes I made. And to new readers who aren't sure what I'm talking about, C&P is a complete fic. However, I felt that my first fic had major flaws in grammar and what not, so with the help of Project Team Beta, the entire fic will be redone with them. Again, plot changes will NOT occur. Only minor problems. Keep in mind that chapters will be up with short gaps between them since I'm only waiting on them back from the beta's, and then will do the changes. Lots of love to Project Team Beta! I don't own Twilight, that's all Stephenie Meyer. What I do own though? Tickets to go see 30 Seconds to Mars in Toronto! Still wish I could've got those Muse tickets though... stupid midterms. 3 Eighteen years ago, Charlie and Renee Swan were holding their beautiful bundle of joy, as they had always called me, and were ecstatic to be experiencing very little thing I would throw at them. Funny. If only they knew the messes I'd be throwing their way. Personally, I couldn't have been happier to turn eighteen. Legality was so close I could taste it. With legality came the opportunity to do whatever the hell I wanted whenever I wanted. Not like I wasn't doing that now, but it sounded better this way. Ah, who was I kidding, I couldn't care less what people thought of me. I had finally graduated a couple months back from good ol' Forks High and I couldn't have been happier to get it over with. I wondered how the parentals would take it when I would tell them that even though I had gotten straight A's in all of my classes with no effort whatsoever and was accepted into every university I'd applied to, I wasn't going to college. Instead, I was planning on moving in with Jake. Jacob Black. Oh, how that boy was wrapped all around my little finger and it had only been less than a month since we were together. You'd think a 22 year old guy would know when a girl was playing him as hard as I was, but he had no idea at all. He made that perfectly clear the night before. " Bella, you look so fucking hot tonight. You are smokin', baby." Jake couldn't even look in my eyes as he praised me. He may have glanced glangl gldd at my face once or twice, but as for the rest of the time , h e was just leering at my body. Hell, I didn't blame him. My parents almost had their own bodily failure when they saw me walking out of the house and climb into his 1965 Ford Mustang which was basically his baby. Not to mention the fact that my denim jeans were so tight they looked painted on, and my blue halter top fit snugly against my chest and curves. Yeah, definitely looked good. " I know, right? Fuck, why are we still sitting in my drive way? It's 8 o'clock and I'm still sober." I cocked my eyebrow at him and gave him my signature smile. If I wanted my way, I'd get it. " Sorry, baby. Let's get you started then, shall we?" he asked as he pulled out a bottle of vodka from the back seat. I bit my lip to stifle my laughter at how perfect he was to be the poster boy for pussy whipped. According to Jake, he had a surprise for me. When the moron tried to actually attempt to blindfold me, I gave him an "are-you-fucking-kidding-me?" look, throwing that ridiculous idea out of his head. After about ten minutes of driving and constant drinking, he stopped the car. We both got out and I realized that we were on a cliff that kind of overlooked Forks. I mean, you could climb up a tree and overlook Forks, but you get the idea. This is so pointless, I thought. " Jake, what are we even doing here? This is such a waste of time." I was seriously starting to get pissed off. The vodka in my system was no help either. He didn't even give me an answer. As I was about to completely rip him a new one for being such an idiot, he cut me off with his mouth. Sure, why not? He kissed me roughly, grabbing the back of my neck and pulling me towards him. My hands went to his lower back, my fingernails digging into his skin. I heard him growl, so I guessed that sort of turned him on. I realized he wasn't going to bother going slowly as he tilted my head to the side and his warm tongue bombarded my mouth. We were so close together that another vital part of his body grabbed my attention. I stiffened a bit when I felt how hard he was, his dick pressing against my stomach. I wasn't as experienced as the other whores in Forks thought I was, and I didn't care for the rumours they spread about me, but I wasn't ready for sex just yet. Sadly, he pulled away. " Bella, you have no idea what you do to me." He said huskily, slowly running his large hands down my back and settling them on my ass. "I love you so much, baby. You're my everything." No word of a lie, I was stunned. I knew people thought about saying 'I love you' to that one person in their life that they'd want to be with forever, or some sort of Hollywood crap along those lines. Here was the thing though: I didn't love Jacob Black – at all. I mean, he was delicious. The steroids helped him out in the physical area – his abs could make any girl melt. Hell, even a guy would melt. I wasn't necessarily attracted to anything other than his body and I definitely enjoyed the fact that he would do anything I'd ask him to. But that was about it. For me, anyways. So, when I say I was stunned, I was fucking stunned. I wouldn't say I love you back to him if I didn't mean it. Yeah, I was a complete bitch, but no one deserved that. Not even 'roid boy Jacob Black. I didn't know what to do, so I did what I knew would shut him up. I kissed him, and that was that. He didn't mention his stupid love shit again. I literally shuddered when I thought about the previous night again. "Mom! Dad! I'm heading out with Jake! Don't know when I'll be home, so don't wait up!" I yelled quickly as I walked out of our dull house. It was cozy, don't get me wrong, but I was so sick and tired of this place that I pretty much associated anything with Forks with negative adjectives. "Bella! Where are you going?" My mom was trying to catch up with me before I got out of the house. Great. I had hoped to just holler and leave. Clearly, the start of my night wasn't turning out as well as I'd planned. Funny how right I was. "Mom, I already told you. What are you, deaf?" I sighed, annoyed already. "I'm going out with Jake, he's waiting for me outside. Do you want something?" Though I was smart enough not to say it out loud, the woman was seriously getting on my nerves. "Isabella Swan, she is not deaf. Birthday or not, you do not talk to your mother like that." Uh-oh , I thought. The chief is not happy. Then again, I deserved it. "Sorry, sorry. Definitely my bad. I'm just a little on edge, you know?" I rambled. You would be too, if you had a love sick boyfriend. "That's okay, sweetheart." My mom said, tucking a stray strand of hair behind my ear. "But listen, your father and I had cake and presents here for you. Are you sure you can't just stay for a bit and then leave after?" The look in my mom's eyes was killing me. Yeah, I may have had nothing but disgust for this fucking place, but I loved my parents. They were the only people who believed in me no matter what I wanted to do. I guess it was one of those unconditional love things that you hear about. Lucky me, 'cause it didn't help with my guilt at that time. "Mom, he's waiting for me though. Can't we just do this tomorrow?" I begged. "But, tomorrow's not your birthday. It won't be the same." She said, her face falling slightly. "But I guess if you really have to go…" My mom trailed off but I knew what she was thinking. I was such a bad daughter. My parents may never say it out loud, but I knew they thought it. Are you fucking stupid? Grow the fuck up. They would never. There goes my conscience. Right, as always. Fuck, I hated it but I had to fix this. "Okay, okay fine. How about this mom? Dad? We'll compromise?" I smiled as I waited on their answer. My mom's face lit up. I knew she'd be up for it – my compromises always worked out. She looked up to my dad who didn't look that happy, but I did sense that a small bit of him was willing. Come on Charlie, you know you want to. I was still grinning as I waited on him. He sighed. "Okay, Bella. Let's hear it." My smile widened and didn't loosen up as I explained my compromise to them. "Okay, so here it is. I go out with Jake now, but I will be back early for cake and presents. Say, 11? That way, we're still doing it on my birthday." Where do these amazing ideas come from? Bella, you are a fucking genius. My parents thought it over. Okay, so more like Renee was down, but Charlie took a bit longer to make his decision. After what seemed like an eternity, Dad finally spoke up. "Okay, Bella. But you have to be back by 11. You promised, and your mom and I would be very upset if you didn't keep your word. Do you promise?" I groaned. Man, I loved my parents, but this guilt thing they put me through was killing me! "Yes, yes. Of course I promise. I always keep my word on the compromises, you guys both know that." My mom smiled, and outstretched her arms. I walked into her hug, and wasn't surprised when Dad joined in too. What did surprise me though, was the sudden sense of wholeness I felt. I didn't even realize I was basically beaming. W eird. Must be some getting older kind of thing. "Have fun tonight, baby. Go on, he's waiting for you. Oh and by the way, I know." I looked up at my mom before she winked at me and immediately knew what she was talking about. She knew what had happened with me and Jake the night before. Well, probably not all of what happened – the nitty, gritty details weren't necessary for her to know – but she definitely knew about the whole him loving me issue. Of course, knowing my mom, she also knew I didn't love him. "What?" I asked, playing dumb. "You know what, Isabella Swan. Motherly senses." She smiled and tapped her finger against her temple twice. "Mom, I know you pass it off as motherly senses, but I'm really hoping it's not some sort of paranoid telepathy. This is a little unhealthy." I joked, the sound of her laughter filling my ears. I gave them both a quick hug as I walked, or actually ran, out the door. My parents both