Hey lovelies! As some of you may know, I participated in the FoxyFics fundraiser to raise money for Parkinson's research. Good news is that FoxyFics has raised more than its goal. Huge congrats! It was great participating for such a great cause, and I can't wait to help out again. So, this one-shot was written strictly for FoxyFics. Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer obviously owns all things Twilight, definitely not me. Oh, and you all know that I do quite a bit of angst and heartfail, right? Keep that in mind... and grab some Kleenex. Life works in strange ways. There are times where you feel that things couldn't be any worse, then moments later believe you've never been happier. There are twists and turns, ups and downs, spins and whirls. Life continuously hands us the unexpected, and we've grown accustomed to it. Nothing is set in stone, and no one can control fate. We give in to destiny and await life's instructions. However, many people like to choose their own destiny. Others…go beyond their own. -ͽͼ- Forks was a small, sheltered town in Washington, and evidently my home. Born and raised there, I was thrown into the stereotypical small-town girl lifestyle. Everyone knew everyone, secrets were never kept, and chances were you'd never leave. As a child, I had bigger dreams—city lights streaming through my bedroom window, being an independent woman, making my own decisions. My mother Renee had always told me she believed I had an 'old soul'. For my age, I acted years older. When I was in my early years of grade school, particularly around seven years old, I always kept to myself. A bookworm of sorts, you could say. My chocolate brown eyes remained shielded behind any book I had my hands on—each only lasting a few days until I'd soared through every page, then quickly discarded and replaced with another thriller. My long dark brown hair was always pulled up into a ponytail because it irritated me when strands would fall in front of my eyes, obstructing my view. I barely conversed with others, had very few friends if any, and was extremely shy. My parents, Charlie and Renee, did whatever they could to get me out there and help me become more social, but I wouldn't have it. I was more than content with my books, engulfed in the endless stories of mysteries and drama. Our comfortable, modest home had a large oak tree in front of it, which became my favourite reading spot. Those few days where dark clouds hadn't swallowed the sky, I was never found in my home. Sitting underneath my oak tree, entranced with my reading—that's where my parents would find me. Unless it was entirely necessary, I wouldn't be disrupted—my parents knew better. Though I was shy, I was easily sensitive and annoyed. I chalked it up to being a headstrong girl; others would dislike me for it, though it didn't necessarily bother me. It was on a day like that, where the sun's warm rays blanketed my skin, when my first turn in life began. "Whatcha readin'?" an unfamiliar voice asked. I huffed irritably and ignored the distracting voice, going back to the beginning of the paragraph where I had left off. No details could be left out and starting over was a must—I could have missed something. I had read only a few words before the voice interrupted my reading again. "Helloooo? Anyone home?" "Wuthering Heights," I sighed, still not bothering to take my eyes away from the pages. "Wudern what?" " Wuthering Heights ," I said slowly as if speaking to a child. Then again, I probably was. "What's it about?" I sighed again, wanting nothing more but to continue reading, so I gave him the vaguest answer I could in hopes of a quick dismissal. "It's a love story." "Ew," he exclaimed. I scoffed angrily and finally locked eyes with my reading intruder. "It is not ew , it is a classic masterpiece. Only a fool would criticize work that they have yet to discover—it's called ignorance." The tall russet skinned boy stared wide eyed at me, his eyes so dark I couldn't distinguish between his pupil and iris. His hair was about the same colour, but it was way too long for a boy, and he had it tied up just like mine was. "Those are pretty big words for a little kid," he replied once he gathered himself back up. If I were right, he looked pretty angry with what I had said to him. I almost felt bad, but realized what he had called me. "I am not a little kid!" He laughed. "Yeah, you are. What are you, six?" "Seven, actually. And what are you, five?" He only laughed louder. "What? Are you blind? I'm bigger than you and you're six! Nope, I've got three years on you, kid. I'm ten." "Oh, wow. A whole hand," I muttered, shaking my head. "Exactly." He pointed at me and said, " You equal kid," before pointing back at himself. " Me equal man." "No, you equal moron," I spat. "Now leave me alone." "Nuh uh," he said and I groaned in annoyance as I tilted my head up to the sky. Why, God? Why? "I'm here to see the Chief." My father Charlie was the Chief of police in Forks and was a very respectable man. He was to thank for the low crime rate in the town, and many took their chances to do so whenever they could. "He's not home," I told him, thanking God silently for at least kind of being on my side. "Now go away." "Nope, I'll just hang out here until he gets back." As if things couldn't get any worse, he sat down and leaned against my oak tree. "Hey, move it!" I yelled, closing my book and glaring at him. "This is my tree." "Oh, what, does it have your name on it?" he scoffed, smirking and practically challenging me to back down. "Actually, it does," I smirked back. Two can play this game, buddy. I pointed to the spot where I was leaning on, giving him a good view of the deep carving of I.S. on the trunk. "See? My tree." I heard a swish before the knife came into my view and immediately cowered back. That's it, I was going to die. I was going to die by the hands of an annoying ten year old brat who wanted my oak tree. I closed my eyes tightly, bracing myself for the pain to come… but there was none. Taking in a deep breath, I bravely opened my left eye and squinted at the boy as he hunched over the tree trunk. Realizing there was no danger and I may have overreacted a tad bit, I leaned over to get a better view of what he was doing. As soon as I did, he had finished whatever his task was and moved away, quickly placing his hands over his ears when I screamed. "What did you do?" I screeched, reaching my hand out to touch the wood and retracting it before it did. Right under my initials was another pair – J.B. "See, now it's both of ours," he shrugged nonchalantly once I stopped screaming. "If we're gonna be best friends, you need to learn how to share." My mouth gaped open in shock, my brain shut down completely and my body was frozen. This kid was crazy. But, there was this aura about him. Even though he was a pain in my you-know-what, I had never gotten so riled up by someone before. I didn't let many in to see the real me, and it took a long time for others to see that, but this boy, this J.B. saw through me only a few short words in. Best friends. Before my brain could reboot, I held my hand out towards him. "Bella Swan. Full name's Isabella, but I hate it, so don't ever call me that." "Jacob Black," he smiled widely and firmly shook my hand. "And I think I'll call you Isabella, just for that." The only sound after that was his howl in pain from a swift punch to his shoulder. Though it probably hurt me more than him, I couldn't help but smirk. Jacob had already begun to change my life—I just didn't realize it then. -ͽͼ- Years came and went without a trace. Children grew, people aged, and life continued to change. Junior high was a new stepping stone in my own life, one that terrified me greatly. Even with Jacob around, I never grew out of my shy exterior and never believed I would. It didn't necessarily bother me, but what did was being teased about it. Children could be cruel. "But what if they call me names? Like freak, or something?" I cried pathetically one night to Jacob, confiding in my best friend as I had for years. "Can't I just be homeschooled or something?" "Aw, come on now, kid," he said, throwing his arm over my shoulder reassuringly and rubbed my arm. It always irked me when he'd call me 'kid', but through the years I had grown accustomed to it. "It won't be that bad. Trust me, when they get one look at you, they'll think nothing like that. You're pretty great." I sniffed and wiped my fingers across my cheek, ridding the wet trails of tears. "Really? You think I'm great?" I swear, if it weren't for the dim lighting in my bedroom, I would have been completely positive that Jake blushed. He'd grown out of his lanky childhood frame and filled out into quite the muscular teenager. I guess only working out and fixing up cars could do that to someone—not that I had any idea, considering I was still the gangly, awkward girl that I had been for years. The glasses were still on, the long hair was still pulled up away from my face, and I still had my nose in a book. "Uh, yeah," he stuttered, then laughed almost nervously. He was acting pretty awkward, nothing like the confident Jake I'd been best friends with for years. "I mean, you're funny, and um… easy to get along with?" I couldn't help but burst out laughing. "Easy to get along with? This coming from the guy I was about to murder when he initialed my oak tree?" His nervous composure was finally gone as his body shook against mine with laughter. "Okay, so maybe not that easy." He snickered a bit more before there was silence and he cleared his throat. "Don't beat yourself up, kid. You're going to love it there. It's just a little change, but you'll grow into it just like you always do. Some day you're gonna look back and laugh at how concerned you were, because I know you're going to have a great time at junior high." I sighed and looked up at my best friend and rock. "When'd you get so smart?" His booming laugh shook me even harder. "Well, I thought I was smart already, but I guess hanging out with you has boosted my intellectual capabilities." My smile was practically spread from ear-to-ear. "I'm glad I can teach you to use big words, and how to have deep, meaningful conversations." Jake smiled back, but it was a small, almost sad one. "You've taught me a lot more than that, Bella. A lot more." I never asked him what he meant by that, but my curiosity left me when he wrapped his arm around me even tighter. He turned his face into my hair and I could hear and feel him breathe in deeply, comforting himself just as he was comforting me. Never again did I worry about change. Jake took all of my trouble away. -ͽͼ- There are times where life hits you so hard you're knocked down to your knees—a perfect