In a gloomy insulated kitchen, a large crowd had congregated around a large circular table. At the head of the table, a silver haired man sat—a morose slump about him and an odd desolate glint in his blue eyes behind half-moon spectacles. He sighed, his eyes flickering over people from second to second. His gaze finally settled on a pale, sallow skinned man seated adjacent him. "What is Voldemort—" A queer shudder past through most of the occupants of the table. The man shook his head and heaved a sigh. "What is our little issue up to?" The pale man straightened in his seat, evidently insouciant to the varying—hostile and invigorating—glances at him. He glanced sideways at the man who had queried him, looking him directly in the eye. "Our little issue—" Little sniggers broke out. The man sneered and continued, "He is of the opinion that victory in this war is ascertained." Little murmurs broke out, pacified by a hand held up the silver haired man at the head of the table. He gestured for the pale bloke to proceed with his report. "He appears apathetic to the recent mass loss of allies." "Recent?" Someone questioned, followed by several unruly guffaws. "Whoever that person is—Merlin bless him. Why we aren't out there helping him, I don't know." "Hear, hear," several murmured in agreement. "Sirius, please," the old man reprimanded in a weak voice, glowering at the speaker. "Go on, Severus." "I have nothing else to add," the man, Severus, said, leaning back into his seat—ignoring the sniffs of disdain that erupted. "Is this meeting over then, Headmaster." His gaze settled on the man who'd interrupted him. "Unlike others who have the comfort of home to hide behind—" "Hide?" the man snarled furiously, pushing to his feet. He pointed a tremulous finger at Severus. "You call this place," a pained expression crossed his face, "a home. This is a prison, you slimy—" "Sirius," the silver haired man interrupted in a steady voice. His crystal blue eyes shone with intensity behind his glasses. "Sit down," he instructed. Sirius scowled at him, but heeded his instruction. "Now, any updates on the elusive Mr. Potter?" The reaction was immediate. People shifted anxiously in their seats, glancing at each other—perturb clearly etched on their faces. "Why are we still searching for him anyway, Dumbledore? It's obvious the brat was disposed off immediately after being captured," Snape said. An uproar ensued. Sirius rose to his feet, shaking with anger. By his side, a thin brown haired man had abandoned his seat, clenching his fists and shaking his head as if to convince himself not to thump Snape. Others had also jumped to their feet, shouting themselves hoarse at the pale man—who looked quite unbothered by this. In fact, he appeared content to simply sit back and admire his work. "Enough," Dumbledore cried, resembling a portrait of cold fury. The room suddenly seemed sultry and too humid. People tugged at the hems of their robes as if considering stripping themselves of a few articles of clothing, all the while eschewing those piercing, electric blue eyes. "Take your seats!" the old man commanded. Everyone immediately obeyed. "Updates, anyone...?!" Nobody responded. It was deathly silent for a while. Then, a man with short legs and straggly long ginger hair shakily rose to his feet. "I know where Harry Potter is," he said—as if in a trance. Pandemonium swiftly followed—a fleeting one, abruptly terminated when Dumbledore rose his hand to quell the indignant bedlam. He fixed his gaze on the stout man who'd spoken out, intently scrutinizing him. "Astounding," he murmured, an impressed tone latched in his voice. He straightened in his seat, ignoring the bewildered and curious gazes from the others surrounding the edges of the table. "Now, where is Mr. Potter, Mundungus Fletcher?" Harry scowled as he dug into his jeans shorts pocket. He rose his other hand to obstruct the path of the sun, who it seemed was determined to fry him by the end of summer. He pulled out a pear-shaped mirror, the screen flashing with a recent Whisper from Draco Malfoy. Sup? Harry shook his head and swiped the Whisper away. He leaned back into the brick wall behind him and Whispered a reply back. He might as well lax back and enjoy himself as he waited for Fletcher. And the sight of some sexy luscious pedestrians sauntering by was just an added bonus. Meeting with Fletcher for a report. Fletcher. Fun? Total opposite. U? Total opposite. Duh. Harry chuckled. He'd almost completed typing in a reply when the distinct odor of cigars assaulted his nose. He hastily Whispered in a goodbye and stashed the mirror back into his pocket. He snapped his head up, expecting to find Fletcher ambling towards him. But he didn't. Then where was the stench of those cigars coming from? It was certainly not emitting of the ladies sashaying past. His instincts screamed to immediately utilize the phenomenal spell Theodore had created seven months ago and make a hurried escape. They'd never been wrong. They'd be fucking spot on two months ago when he'd decided he must be going barmy. Of course, the result had been a hour duel with the Dark Lord. He'd never criticize his instincts again, he'd promised—but right now, how could he not contradict his instincts. There was nobody in sight. Cars hurdled down the road; some miscreant teenager stuck his head out of his vehicle to scream, "Summer, baby." Harry's eyes were efficacious, thank you very much. He couldn't detect any potential combatant in his current vicinity. So why was his skin tingling with adrenaline? He run a frustrated hand through his hair. He could always contact Fletcher some time later, he conceded. Decision made, he broke into a brisk walk and headed towards the Leaky Cauldron. Perhaps after a bottle of fire-whiskey, his reliable rationality would return to him. "Potter, for the last time, I demand you answer my question?" his latest interrogator snarled at him, her lips set in a thin line as she paced the room. "Not bloody likely," Harry retorted, just to spite the witch. Of course, to quench his anger as well. It wasn't very nice to hold someone prisoner for hours, he'd recently discovered. She ceased pacing and stared at him. She harrumphed loudly and sniffed at him in disdain. "You're nothing like your parents." He felt his eyes morph color. He felt his temperature mount. He felt the predator in him awaken. He felt a desperate need to lash out and attack her. But he resisted. It would be futile. To begin with, he was incapacitated and bound in a chair—admittedly a comfy one. And showing emotions in front of strangers was for weaklings. And he most definitely wasn't a weakling. So instead, he permitted his lips to curl. "We're all entitled to our opinions." He let his gaze rake her body and forced a plausible sneer. She really was quite desirable. She scowled at him and made to reply but was interrupted by a streak of silver that whizzed in through the wall. It morphed into a small household cat. "Dumbledore has arrived," a stern voice said. The patronus dissipated in a splash. A patronus, Harry knew. And his life was so much more difficult with arguably the most powerful wizard ever about to interrogate him. He closed his eyes, taking a moment to straighten his Occulmency shields—and patch up his poker face. When he opened his eyes, he saw his interrogator smirking at him, ostensibly savoring his quandary. "Who are you anyway?" Harry growled. She flashed him perfect white teeth. "I am Hestia Jones." Harry shrugged. "Haven't heard about you." Her smile was definitely amorous. "I'm relatively young." Young enough to be shagged? "How—" The door creaked open. A man with an imposing stature ambled in, a benign smile on his face, eyes twinkling merrily behind half-moon glasses. Dumbledore! The ancient and revered wizard whipped out a thin, long wand from his robe and conjured a stuffy sofa. He eased into the chair, stuffing his wand back into his eccentric robe. He nodded at Hestia. "Good day, Hestia." He put up a thoughtful expression. "Anything you found?" Hestia shook her head, glaring at Harry. "Mulishly reticent, sir." Dumbledore chuckled, perusing Harry in a fraught manner. The man appeared to be pulling out all his intimate secrets. He felt bare and naked. His fear bubbled up in the pit of his stomach. It was arduous work, but he managed to swallow it down. He couldn't show fear. He couldn't reveal anything, period! "Please leave us, Hestia,"Dumbledore commanded. "Of course." She glanced hesitantly at Harry before strolling out. She paused at the door, and Harry winked at her—hoping to fluster her. She blushed crimson and scurried out of the room. Harry felt his heart warm and once again sent a silent thanks to his father for the rakish looks that he'd inherited. Dumbledore's long beard twitched. "Apparently you have a way with the witches, Harry." Harry shrugged, recognizing the old man's attempt to lighten the mood. "Not just the witches." He'd keep it light—for now. But he'd also maintain his guard. The last thing he needed right now was a gaffe. He'd never envisaged he could be found—never even considered the possibility. He'd been confident in his abilities. But now he realized he might have been a little too cocky when dealing with Fletcher. Dumbledore's eyebrow flew. "Myriad preferences? How odd." Was he insinuating Harry was gay? "I am merely trying to explain that I also spend time with muggle females." He looked up at Dumbledore, successfully batting off the man's mental incursion. He sneered at the man. "Pathetic." He leaned back into his seat, trying to convey a sense of casualness—so as to push the man towards a blunder. But from the tranquil look on the old man's face, his tactics would need improvement. Dumbledore was no amateur. "Do you know who I am?" Was that a joke? Of course, he did. Which wizard or witch wasn't aware of the identity of Dumbledore. With an absurd number of titles to his name—Defeater of Grindewald, Headmaster of the most prestigious magical school, etc.—it was no wonder his name was so well known. And being the only wizard Voldemort ever truly was wary of, the man was even more in the news with the acknowledged—finally!—return of the Dark Lord. "I suppose you're a delusional old man," he quipped. Dumbledore chuckled, leaning back into his stuffy sofa. "No, I am not delusional." He adopted a thoughtful expression. "Odd, you're not the first to assume that—" "I wonder why," Harry muttered resentfully, his gaze raking Dumbledore's purple cloak. Dumbledore smiled and clapped his hands together. "I am Professor Dumbledore—" Harry rolled his eyes. "Obviously," Harry said unctuously. Dumbledore shook his head. "Anyway, I am currently headmaster of Hogwarts—" "I know who you are, Dumbledore," Harry snarled, cutting off the man. Dumbledore beamed brightly. "Excellent." He leaned forward. "Now, we can get serious." He cleared his throat. "Where have you been for the past seven years—if you don't mind?" "Oh, but I do mind," Harry retorted. Dumbledore heaved a huge sigh and sagged back into his seat. "Why won't you trust me, Harry?" "Oh, I don't know. Maybe because you just tried to breach my mental defenses without my consent," he said sarcastically. Dumbledore sighed. "I detected an ornery block emitting of you and simply attempted to bring this to your notice." He shook his head at Harry, a distraught expression on his face. "I was merely trying to help," he said hopelessly. He really was quite the actor. The forlorn look on his face. The defeated glint in his eyes. The despondent slump in his shoulders. It was a sensational combination. But it was obviously just an pretence. A masquerade to persuade Harry to relax. And it wouldn't work. "Your help wasn't required." "We are on the same side, you