Author's Notes : This is set before Frodo sailed into the west, but after Elanor's birth. . . So something like between March 25th 1421 (of the shire reckoning) and September 22nd of the same year (when Frodo and Sam met The Last Riding of the Keepers of the Rings, in Woody End). I don't know if that makes any sense. Also, as far as dialogue, I've always imagined the Hobbits as speaking in a more modern manner, when compared to Elves, Men, Dwarves, etc. I think this is somewhat evident in the books as well. Or not? With most words in the dialogue, I've gone with the archaic meanings. Also, this is not a slash story, nor a parody, really (not that I mind either). I really hope you like it, and I'd love to hear your opinion (criticism too). Disclaimer : I neither own nor claim to own the characters or realm herein used. They are all so property of Tolkien, his estate, etc. Summary : Legolas has strange symptoms, and the Hobbits suspect something even stranger. Samwise Gamgee had seen a great many things in his life. Even now, he could scarcely believe that he was in Minas Tirith, the great city of men, soon to be in the presence of its king, a man he had met as a Ranger. Mulling it over, he came to the familiar realization that he had seen quite a lot. He had seen the licking flames of the fires of Mordor, the jagged rocks of the Emyn Muil, legions of Orcs and Men, and adventures few other Hobbits would ever come near to claiming. He had seen unbreakable bonds of friendship and comradery, bravery beyond belief, and sacrifices innumerable. He had seen more races and peoples than he could have dreamt, even Elves, a folk that he had admired all his life. He had found them to be a kind, strong, graceful, beautiful people. He had been privileged to fight alongside an Elf from Rivendell to the banks of the Anduin. With the image of fearless warriors and whistling arrows dancing in his mind, it then came as a surprise to find said Elf seated, legs folded, and knitting. Sam could think of a few reasons for knitting. He had only ever seen women knit, after all, at least that was how it was in the Shire. Rosie herself had taken it up. Sam firmly believed it was an honorable craft and had nothing against a male pursuing it, but it puzzled him. This was because one of the main reasons he believed people knitted was because they were making something for a child, usually one that would be arriving in the near future. And so, as he passed the Elf in question, naturally he could not help but stop to ponder this peculiarity. Perhaps it was different for Elves? Sam had seen gorgeous art molded by the skillful hands of the immortal, mayhap it was considered a unisex art form by the Elves. His interest becoming further peaked, he decided he would consult with Frodo, Merry and Pippin on the matter later, and maybe Strider too at dinner tonight. "Good afternoon, Sam." The soft voice startled the Hobbit out of his thoughts. Realizing he had been staring, a reddish tint began to creep across his face. "Ah, um. . . Er, begging your pardon, Mister Legolas," Sam stuttered. Legolas had arrived for the celebration of the year anniversary of the destruction of the ring and the start of the fourth age. It was July now, and although there had been much celebrating in March, a few months ago when the fourth age had begun, Sam had been unable to attend. Sam remembered with chagrin that this was the first he'd seen of Legolas in a good while. Sam you old fool, what a nice way to say hullo after all this time . . . ! "I mean, well, that was mighty rude of me . . . But, well, " Sam turned a brighter red, shuffling his feet awkwardly. "Er. . ." Legolas laughed quietly, which made Sam feel considerably less uncomfortable. "It is very good to see you again, Samwise." Legolas smiled warmly. Sam smiled back, scratching the back of his head to give his hand something to do. He had missed his companions during their long time apart. He was looking forward to everyone being together again for a time. Legolas placed a hand next to him, as if asking if Sam would like to join him. Sam scuttled over to the Elf sheepishly and took a seat. It would be good to catch up on old times, especially after such an embarrassing reunion. "How have you been?" "Oh, good, good." Sam caught a glimpse of whatever it was that Legolas had been knitting. It looked curiously like a sock. Surely it would not fit anyone here. He could not look at it long, for Legolas pushed it aside and out of view soon after, presumably into a satchel. Legolas nodded at Sam's words. "How about Rose?" Legolas asked after a few moments of silence. "Oh that's right. . . How silly of me to forget!" Sam exclaimed, perking up at the mention of his wife. "Rosie, she's doing well. Little Elanor, too. She has got such golden hair, Elanor I mean. Now that I think of it, her hair reminds me of yours. Only her curls, she's only three months, you know, and already so many. Rosie's gotten to tying them with little ribbons, one on each side. I'd have brought them both with me, to meet everyone and all, but Elanor's still so young, and Rosie and me, we were worried that a trip might have been hard for them both. Oh, I wish they were here. It is a shame, I wanted Elanor to meet everyone proper and all, but I s'pose it'll just have to wait. I mean, Frodo and Merry and Pippin, they've seen her. . . Well of course they've seen her, Samwise, now you're blabbering," Sam began to turn red again, twiddling his thumbs together self-consciously as his sentence faded. "You'll come see her, won't you?" he asked suddenly "you don't have to if you don't want to. . . Rosie and me, we would understand if you didn't have time, you being a Prince and all, I wouldn't want. . . " by the end of it, Sam was muttering to himself, quite red in the face. "Of course I will come see her." Legolas said, having seen Sam's predicament. Sam nodded happily. Truly, he wanted Elanor to meet Legolas, everyone for that matter, but Sam had the heart-wrenching feeling that there would not be many Elves left in Middle Earth sooner or later and he did not want his posterity to forget. Legolas' eyes flitted towards the entrance to the courtyard. Seeing Legolas raise a fine brow, Sam was tempted to ask if aught was amiss when Frodo, Merry and Pippin rounded the corner, the latter two clutching armfuls of various food stuffs. "My point is that the kitchen staff have become stingy. I'm sure the court is half way to starving from the rations they serve. Me and Pip, we're just teaching them a well needed lesson. . ." "And what's that?" Frodo did not sound as though he believed a word of it. "That people ought to be fed right. Everyone will thank us later." Merry continued matter-of-factly, chewing on a piece of buttered bread. The whole while Pippin nodded justifiably. "In any case, we cannot very well go marching back to the pantry. " Terribly sorry, we borrowed some of your food, here, have it back ." " Merry acted the last part as though the kitchen staff stood before him. Unfortunately, Sam did stand before him, which was just as bad. In his heart, a flame of justice had been kindled. He would not have the kitchen staff thinking ill of Hobbit kind. After all, what would they think of Rosie and Elanor when they came to visit if these kitchen raids were continuously in correspondence with the appearances of Hobbits? "You, you two mischief-makers, how can you take advantage of Mister Strider's hospitality? At this rate you'll empty the stores! The kitchen staff, too, they are distressed enough as it is without having to keep an eye out for pesky walking stomachs like you!" Sam was standing now, his finger pointed accusingly at the two offending Halflings. Legolas sat wide-eyed and mildly surprised by Sam's sense of righteousness. The others had not yet noticed him. "And now you've gone and drug Mister Frodo into the mess." Sam shook his head, his shoulders slumping. "And you had only just gotten onto good terms with them . . ." There was silence for a time. Merry and Pippin exchanged a glace. Then, from hindmost Sam there came the sound of laughter. Sam jumped. In his haste to chasten his comrades, he had also forgotten that he was in Legolas' presence. Sam was frozen to his place, he dared not turn for fear of revealing his chagrin. He had turned red so many times in so little time, he wondered what the Prince thought of him. "Legolas, we have not seen you in ages." Merry and Pippin, for all the weight they carried, came swiftly to Legolas' side. Merry leaned nigh, his eyes barely level with the Elf for Legolas was seated. "You have not changed a bit. Your hair has grown longer, though." Legolas blinked. Somehow managing to shift their bounty into Sam's unwilling arms, Merry and Pippin leapt upon the unsuspecting Elf. Legolas gave a small cry as the two landed, Merry upon his thighs, Pippin his midriff. Frodo, ever perceptive, caught the brief furrow of the Prince's brow ere it was masked as surprise. Nor did the way Legolas' hand rose to protect his stomach escape his eyes. Frodo wondered if anything was awry. "You will not turn us in, will you?" Pippin piped up. "Do how I can, I will keep your secret." Legolas leaned back onto his hand to support the added weight of the Hobbits. His bright eyes sparkled in the light of day. "Unto that, I will say simply it was under my request that you acted." "That is good. They won't suspect you, Legolas." Frodo added. "At least, they will not question your influence." "Neither should they question yours, for it is rightfully more than mine." Legolas addressed them all. Behind his words lay his utter gratitude and confidence. "Legolas is right." Pippin puffed out his chest markedly. "The kitchen staff should not treat us as scoundrels." "They wouldn't, if they did not have to keep chasing you away from the pantry." Sam explained, exasperatedly. "Mister Legolas, Sir, don't go putting ideas in their heads, if you please. It will only encourage them." "Oh pish pash." Merry wafted a hand in the air as if to dispel the request. "And as long as we have it, we might as well share it. Legolas, would you like some?" "You are just trying to spread the blame for when you are caught," Legolas' sensitive ears heard Sam grumble as he settled back down. "Though it does look good. . ." Pippin began to sort through the food, waving a portion of it in front of Legolas' nose, which was justly as sensitive. In the pit of his stomach, Legolas felt something turn ill. Its cause he could not descry, other than the food being urged on him. "Here, we have some cheese, and a dash of wine. . . Ah, and some mutton, bread of course. . ." The voices of Merry and Pippin, listing their glut of food, were as distant now as the lap of waves upon the seashore. He could feel the pallor that overtook his features. With the utmost of self control, the Prince withheld