I do not own any characters from the Hunger Games Trilogy. Warning: Heavy cursing, slight OOC, and mentions of suicide. "Peeta, I'm sorry," she was sobbing at this point. They were at opposite ends in the living room of their suburban home. He thought that they were happy. Despite their youth, the couple were living the American dream. There was even a damn white picket fence in the backyard for the garden. They just recently graduated from the state university, she with a degree in environmental sustainability and he with degrees in marketing and art. They pursued their passions. They had a three bedroom home in the nice suburban area outside the downtown area. A home ready to raise a family in. They were well respected in the city of Panem. She researched at the lab and he was given his father's bakery to run when the patriarch of the Mellark family passed a year ago. To every outsider, they were the perfect couple. They were almost like a fairy tale. The handsome man with his outgoing, charming personality and the beautiful woman with her reserved yet compassionate persona. They complimented each other. Both were intelligent, had good jobs, and were liked by all their peers. Everyone believed that the engaged couple were destined to grow old with a beautiful family. The couple had recently moved into the neighborhood six months ago and only a three months into their residence, cracks began appearing. It wasn't long before everyone knew the truth. Except for Peeta. It's always like this. The one who will be the most hurt by the secret will discover it last. He remained blissfully unaware until now. "You're sorry? That's absolutely amazing. Should we call the news? Katniss Everdeen is sorry." Never before has she heard him be this vengeful and angry, but she knew that he had a right to be, especially after what she just told him. The bright blue eyes that had always shone were now dull and dark. Eyes that now held tears because of her. "I am! I am sorry. So sorry. I didn't mean for this to happen." She couldn't control the tears rolling down her face anymore. "What do you mean 'you didn't mean for this to happen'? If you truly did, then it wouldn't have fucking happened in the first place!" His normally soft, almost melodic voice was now bellowing and angry. He's never one to yell. Never. After growing up in a household like his childhood home, he never raised his voice nor did he ever curse. It wasn't in his kind hearted nature to say anything crass. "I'm-" "Sorry. I get it." Cutting her off, he continued to pace. Never in his life has he felt this anger. This hatred. This devastation. He looked at the woman sitting across the room. She was supposed to be his future, his forever. She was the love of his life and there she was causing him this agony, he thought bitterly. He continued to pace around the room, pulling at his messy blond hair, trying to find an outlet for all of the anger, hatred and pain he held in his body and mind. "Peeta, please stop. I really am truly sorry," she pleaded to her fiancée, or rather her ex-fiancée. She knew that there was really nothing she could say to alleviate his pain. She knew that it didn't matter how many times she apologized. She had broken him. "Fuck you!" Grabbing the nearest thing to him, he launched it at the adjacent wall and saw it shatter to pieces. The frame that once held a photo of the pair in the woods behind their home, laid shattered against the floor. The violent act gave him the slightest, momentary ounce of relief from his pain. He continued to rip the frames and his paintings from the walls and launch them around the room. But no matter how many things he broke, he knew nothing could relieve him of this excruciating pain he felt. Blinded by his tears, he knocked over the vase that once held the flowers he gave her for their anniversary a few weeks ago. Their fourth year anniversary. Upon this realization, he stopped. They've been together for four years and it didn't matter at all anymore. Four years, he gave her all the love he had. Four years, he lived and breathed and strived to make her happy. Four years. Gone. Wasted. "Four years," he whispered. He stumbled into the arm chair farthest away from her, his head falling into his hands. "It was all a lie. Four years. That's how long it was, wasn't? The amount of time in my life I gave to you, only for it be for nothing. The period of time you took from me. The time in my life when I had been living a complete lie." "No, Peeta, no, it wasn't all a waste," her voice wavered. Deep down, she knew that there was some truth to his statement and she hated herself for admitting it, even in the slightest. "It wasn't a waste? What do you mean it wasn't a waste? I thought you were happy! I thought this is what you wanted! Not even once did you express any of your unhappiness with me and you fucking know that if this wasn't a life that you wanted, I would have followed you anywhere, given you anything. Because I love you. I would have given you any life you wanted without any hesitation." "But, I didn't want a life with you!" She gasped and covered her mouth with her hand. Tears were streaming down her face, but even through her blurred vision, she could see Peeta's face crumple in hurt and pain. But, it was too late to take back what she had said. "I didn't want this planned out life. I didn't want this life in this suburban home. I don't want to be a soccer mom. I don't even know if I want to have kids," she confessed all of her secrets to him. She had held them to herself for the entirety of their relationship, not once letting Peeta know that this life they were going to have in this suburban home wasn't one that she wanted. "Then, why didn't you tell me this earlier? Why wait until now? When we're engaged. When we just graduated. You never once mentioned that you had hesitations about raising a family. Never did you disagree about buying this house. I bought you this house specifically because it's so close to the woods and you loved it! Fuck, Katniss. I have a mortgage in my name! You didn't say anything! Why did you wait until now? Why couldn't you have broken up with me years ago? When I actually had a chance to recover and live a different life than the hell that I'm currently in! You took everything I had! My heart, my life, my future and completely obliterated all of it! Four fucking years, Katniss. You had four damn years. Why the hell would you tell me now!?" And with that he launched the vase from the end table across the room and the shattering noise echoed in the room. Her sobs came back. She was ignorant to think that Peeta would be able to recover. She knew that her confessions had devastated him. "Because I was scared and I didn't know what to do! Every single day the lies were getting bigger and I just didn't know how to deal with it. Before I knew it, four years had passed and I'm living in a home, expected to raise a family in here with you. I'm sorry. I didn't want to hurt you and I'm sorry that I did." He couldn't respond. She was scared? Where was this fearless woman that he had known for years? The woman who fought for everything. The woman nicknamed the Girl on Fire by her uncle because she never backed down from a fight. The woman who stood up for what she believed in. Where was she? He was too stunned to respond to Katniss so they sat in silence. "You brought him here when I was gone, didn't you?" She looked at him in shock. "The look on your face tells me yes. How did I know? Well, now that explains the pity looks I thought I was imagining on all of the faces of our neighbors. Whenever I'd have a nice chat with old Mrs. Henderson across the street, she would always look at me like I was some hurt puppy and so would everyone else on this street. I thought I was imagining it. But, now I know. Those looks were real. Every single person on this street probably knew more about the infidelity of this fucked up relationship than I did." He always had an ability to read people. He was a people person. He knew how to interact with everyone and he knew how to react and respond to any person he met. He got it from his father. For the past few months, he thought he was just misjudging people. He couldn't understand why everyone looked at him like they felt sorry for him. But, he knew the truth now. And it hurt. A lot. "You know, you should have gone for acting. You always said you weren't good with words and you weren't good at showing your emotions. Well, fucking hell, you managed to lead me on for four years, saying all the right things, acting all the right ways to make me believe that what we had was real. That our love was something real. But, joke's on me," shaking his head, he got up and paced around, the wreckage of his violent fit cracking under his leather shoes. As he looked around their home, he muttered, "What am I even supposed to do with this house now?" "Peeta, you can have the house. I'll leave." "And you're assuming I'm going to stay? Absolutely not. This house was our future. This house was for the both of us. This was a house where you brought your lover to fuck with when I was gone. Now? There's no single way I can live in this house." His words made her sob harder. She never felt this hatred in her life. Hatred of herself. She couldn't stand that she hurt the most amazing, caring man in the world because she was too damn scared. Her lies went too far and she couldn't take them back./p "I'm sor-" "You're sorry. Is that all that you can say, Katniss? I fought so hard for us to work. My mother hated you and I tried my hardest to get her to see that you were an amazing women. She said that all you were was some whore who would never love me. That I was deluded. That I didn't know what the real world was like and it wasn't all fairy tales with happy endings. That there was no chance in hell we would last. But, I fought back. I made my mother believe that she was wrong and she even grew to like you a bit. All along, she had been right." All he could do was scoff. His wretched mother was actually right and he couldn't stand it. Silence followed and Katniss didn't dare break it. He stopped and looked out their window. As he turned around to face her, he couldn't help but ask, "Did you always think of him when we were intimate?" Katniss barely heard it. She glanced up and met his blue eyes that shone from across the room. There was a slight hesitation in the question; she knew that even though he desperately wanted to know the truth, he was scared. Katniss bit her lip. There were times, more that she would like to admit, where the thought of the grey