This is a work of fiction, no harm is intended no matter how dark the content is. No copyright infringement intended, just dark fun. This is just one chapter to see if it's worth my time writing it so if you want me to continue, then I will see how many views I get by the end of the week. Bella POV I was lying on my nest on the floor at the foot of my master's bed. It was a particularly stormy night and I just happened to be afraid of thunder. Great, yes? I huddled up into a little ball when he had ordered me to bed and stayed in that rigid position all night as the storm raged outside the vast, looming windows. The black silk curtains were shut but little flashes of light passed through, making the room appear eerie and illuminated. My master was quiet as always, obviously sleeping soundly and oblivious to my fears. I shrunk further into the soft nest of blankets on the floor each time a wave of thunder boomed across the sky followed by a bright flash. I closed my eyes tight and thought about how I had came to be here in the first place. Let me tell you the story. My life before this one had been pretty mundane to be completely honest. Every day was the same continuous routine that I had set for myself. I would get up, shower quickly, go to work in the local library and come home to eat a microwave meal before taking a book to bed with me and reading until I fell asleep. It wasn't an exciting life, but it was mine and I controlled it. Here I had no control whatsoever. My master was judge of my clothing, food, hairstyle, posture even. He hated it when I slouched. I had learnt the hard way not to slouch in his presence. Anyway, one Friday night I had got the feeling of being watched and my stomach began to feel queasy. I went home early and went straight into the bathroom to be sick; something I did when I was nervous or scared. I hadn't felt like this before and I was terrified. I went into the living room, wiping escaped saliva from my lips with my sleeve and looked across towards the window. I saw a shadow move from one side to the other and squeaked in fear. I had tried to reason with my brain that it was probably only a shadow cast by the branches of the tree outside my house but it wouldn't listen. I stood completely still, my ears straining for any sound, my eyes darting everywhere like a cat chasing a laser beam light. I didn't hear anyone come up behind me and I certainly wasn't ready for the hands that grabbed me round my waist and proceeded to cover my mouth with a cloth that reeked of chloroform. I had read enough crime novels to know I needed to fight, get the hand off my mouth but I was weak. I flailed uselessly, my hands grabbing at nothing as the chloroform took effect. I went limp slightly, but was still conscious. I hoped if I could pretend to be knocked out they'd leave and came for what they wanted - probably money, jewellery, valuables. This person wasn't a fool though and harshly opened my eyelids to peer inside them, probably gauging how wide my pupils were. It was a tall male, his face covered in a ski mask. He grunted in disapproval and shoved the cloth into my face again. I tried to scream, half of one escaping my lips before I felt my head move to one side and pain shoot through my temple. He had punched me. I felt sick again, my stomach heaving. The cloth pressed further up my nose and I inhaled, desperate for air. I blacked out after that and I don't remember much of what happened when I woke up. I remember being examined by a blonde doctor of some sort who smiled kindly at me before I fell asleep again. When I next woke up, I was wearing a black corset, garter belt and stockings along with a pair of black velvet heels. I was lined up with many other girls who looked as scared as I felt. There was a gag in my mouth and I felt an unfamiliar substance on my face. Make up. I hated the feeling of the heavy mascara on my lashes and the nasty sensation of far too much foundation clogging up my skin. I was kneeling on the floor on a thin cushion but my knees were still sore. The room was a grand old hall with black and white tiles on the floor, large red Tudor curtains hanging beside the vast windows and intricate carvings on the ceiling above. I had felt so small and scared, wondering what kind of sick dream I was having. I heard the large doors on my right open and every girl in the room had snapped her head over to be met with a complete god walking through the threshold of sorts. This man had an air of authority in his walk, his black suit immaculate and expensive looking. All our eyes widened as he strolled leisurely over to stand before us. His hair was the colour of the devil's and his eyes were a piercing green, clearly visible even in the dim light of the room. His face was chiselled to perfection and his lips were sculpted quite possibly by angels. I found myself staring openly, like everyone else beside me. Some girls tried to scoot backwards, afraid of his presence and power. He noticed this and his eyes darkened. This inhuman beauty walked over to where three of the girls had shuffled back and grabbed one of them by her throat. The other two got back in line sharpish. I watched as he squeezed the blonde haired girl's neck until it turned purple and her eye's bulged. I felt disgusted. How could he treat a woman like that? What kind of place was this? A sick asylum for people with girl trafficking fetish's, I suspected quietly. The man soon became bored with the girl and let her drop, with a sharp crash, to the hard floor, her skull bouncing off it unmercifully. I held back a flinch and gulped back tears of sorrow for the girl. I had to be strong. I had to get out of here and help these poor other girls. The tiny black haired girl beside me who looked only about sixteen was cowering beside me, trying to hide herself under my tied arms. I let her lean against me, fearing too much for my own life to make a fuss, but found her a comfort. Another man stepped forward then, his long black hair scraped back with a fair amount of grease. "Welcome, welcome young ladies." He began with a sickly grin. "Welcome to my home. I hope my staff have been hospitable. You are all, I'm sure, wondering aimlessly why you are here and the simple answer is…well…you are to be pets of sorts, to all the men in my household. We have just got ridden of the old pets who are now useless to us. We need new meat to feast on," The man continued, his grin widened at our horrified faces. The bronze haired angel smirked, lowering his head to look at his shoes. I hoped like anything I wouldn't get paired with him. "My name is Aro and this is my son, Edward," Aro gestured to the angel who's head snapped back up to smile at his father in clear adornment. I felt sick to my core. "Edward, being my only son and heir to my estate obviously has first pick of the new crop so I shall leave you all now in his delightful company as he tries to choose which lovely one of you to have in his chambers," Aro said with a flourish of his hand towards us. I glared at him angrily, but he didn't notice. "My son, have as many as you want. Plenty to go around." Aro patted his son on the shoulder before he headed out the doors with a swirl of his cape flowing out behind him like some sort of Dracula. I had to admit, he looked like one with his pale, papery skin and dark eyes. Edward took a few seconds to compose himself before snapping his eyes towards us. "Now you know why you are here, you will behave in the proper way slaves should. You will respect me and my father and any other elders you come across," He said in a voice that would melt the entire Arctic. I shivered as his voice lingered in my ears and I closed my eyes. "If any of you are disloyal, badly behaved or ignorant I will have you fed to the hounds," He went on, his voice just above a seductive whisper, low and threatening. He stepped forward to the first lot of girls who he proceeded to prod and stroke with his long fingers. Each girl shivered helplessly at his touch to which he smirked or chuckled lowly, leaning down and whispering in their ears which made them still considerably. I guessed him to be about my age, maybe a little older. He got closer and closer to me and I began to panic. I was no good with men, I had no experience of how to act around men, especially not one as high and mighty as him. His bronze hair glinted in the dim lights and I found myself growing attracted to him. I knew it was wrong and I shot myself internally for even thinking him good looking. I wasn't ready for the moment when I saw his green eyes slide over to meet mine. I gazed into his orbs almost unabashedly but was quivering inside. I saw something flash in his eyes. Guilt? Remorse? It was gone as quickly as it had appeared and I snapped my eyes away, turning them to the floor. I saw his legs clad in black trousers step neatly into view, along with his posh Italian shoes. I felt a finger nudge my chin up to meet his gaze again and willed myself not to get lost in his eyes again. I couldn't let him empower me. "Why do you not want to look at me?" He asked, his voice somewhat gentle. I couldn't answer so I gave him a pained look with my eyes, pleading with him not to hurt or humiliate me. He got down on one knee in front of me and leaned in devastatingly close and unsnapped the gag from around my head. He let it drop to the floor beside him and looked back at me with those captivating eyes. I was lost. The pungent smell of cinnamon and mints invaded my senses and I felt dizzy. "It would be wise if you answered me," He whispered into my ear, nipping the soft lobe gently with his lips. I shivered internally and almost lost all ability to function normally. "I um… I don't want to disrespect you and I've um…heard it's rude to stare," I gulped out, praying he would take it as an answer. He seemed pleased to which I thanked God for the first time in my life. He reached up with one hand to cup my jaw. I flinched a little and his eyes darkened but he didn't seem angry. "Polite and beautiful, a rare combination," He smiled devilishly. He kept his hand locked around my jaw. It wasn't painful, but it disgruntled me a little. "What's your name?" He asked as the other girls seemed to relax a little around me, thankful they weren't being interrogated. "Bella," I muttered quietly, not wanting