This is my first FanFiction ever, so just leave a review saying what you think. Thanks Chapter: 1 Annabeth POV BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! I groaned as I rolled over pulling my blanket over my head. I turned my back on my phone. I knew I should get up and start getting ready but honestly, I couldn't care less I just wanted to stay in my bed for the rest of my life. BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! Why is my alarm so loud? I vaguely wandered. Suddenly I sat up with a start. It was the first day of school in my senior year of high school. I flung my arm over to my night stand and scrambled to find my phone. In the process, I ended up knocking over an empty glass along with my bedside lamp. I finally grabbed my phone. BEEEP! BEE- I turned it off quickly, it was so loud, not the best sound to wake up to. I scrambled out of bed and quickly cleaned up the mess I had made while looking for my phone. I glanced at my phone. 6:08 I was supposed to wake up at six but oh well its only eight minutes. I went to the bathroom and did my morning ritual. I decided to leave my hair down, might as well look good for the first day of school. I had blonde princess curls that flowed down my back, and my eyes were grey, yep plain, boring grey but I'm happy about it after all it makes it easier to hide my true emotions. I went back to my room and got dressed. I ended up wearing skinny jeans with white high top convers and a simple but cute gray shirt. As I walked downstairs I glanced at my phone. Unsurprisingly there were no new messages since all my friends were lazy and always slept in. I sat down at the kitchen table with a sigh and began getting my breakfast together. My dad, Fredrick Chase, walked in and greeted me. He is about average in height but seemed short because he's always hunched over, he's middle-age with brown eyes and sandy brown hair. "Good morning Hun, are you excited for your first day of school?" He asked. I looked up from my cereal, "Yeah I guess," I answered with a sigh. He looked at me with a hint of concern in his eyes. "Is everything okay?" I eyed him suspiciously as I said, "Yep, everything's fine." Now my dad and I don't really get along and we never see eye to eye. So, to say I was surprised at his question would not be wrong. "Okay," he said walking out the door, "Well I got to go to work so have a nice day sweetie." I looked after my dad with a confused expression, but my step-mom then walked into the room and I quickly neutralized my expression. Not that she would have notice, she couldn't care less for me. She glanced at me with a bored expression and then decided to ignore my, which I'm fine with by the way. I expected my step-brothers to come running screaming on the top of their lungs and minute now just to make this feel like a normal morning, but that never happened. I remembered that they don't start school for another week, ugh so unfair here I am starting school on the fifth of August yet they don't start until the thirteenth. I realized I was staring of into space like I do often in the morning and then continued to eat my breakfast. Eventually I finished up my breakfast and checked the time. 6:36, Wow I thought I'm slow at getting ready this year. I hurried to remind myself that it was only the first day and in no time, I would be back to being able to eat in three minutes. Now don't think I'm some crazy person who can get ready in the morning in like five minutes. No, I just like to be on time. I went upstairs and finished getting packed for school making sure I had my laptop (everyone needs a laptop for school now it holds all our textbooks and notes), my workbooks, and of course my phone. As soon as I was done I walked out to my car to drive to school. On the way to school I turned up the radio and looked for a good station. After a while I found one playing Lightning in a Bottle by The Summer Set, which is an amazing song but I didn't feel like singing along so I just listened to it and actually heard the lyrics for once. Out in the wild Party in nowhere land We start a fire Sparklers in every hand No phones let go Cut all the strings tonight I smiled, that sounded like fun just messing around with friends not a care in the world as if your soul purpose in life were to have fun. Now don't get me wrong my friends and I have fun but I have so much going on its hard to truly let go. Singin' aloud Howlin' right at the moon We're making out Life's never felt so good Bring on the storm We're wilin' out tonight I sighed and listened to music the whole ride to school just letting it carry me away. -line break- Once I arrived at school I walked to my locked and put in my combination. I started to organize my locker and unpack my bag when my phone chimed. I pulled it out and saw a text from my best friend, Thalia. T: hey what locker r u me an the gang got here A: locker 159 who alls here T: um our friends duh A: not dip but who T: chill were almost there youll c A: ugh your impossible how are we friends T: I wonder that daily how do u have a friend as gr8 as me At that point I gave up and slipped my phone back in my pocket. I saw Thalia first, walking through the halls like she owns the place (only an idiot would say she didn't). Thalia is pale with short spiky black hair and piercing electric blue eyes. She always dresses punk or goth wearing black and slightly disturbing shirts. For instance, right now she is wearing black ripped jeans, black combat boots, and a Death to Barbie t-shirt showing a Barbie doll with an arrow threw her head. You would think her clothes would take away her looks but they didn't, even in all the dark clothes you could see that Thalia was seriously pretty. Piper and Hazel were right behind Thalia in some conversation. Piper has dark tan skin, which makes sense considering she's half Cherokee (Native American). Her hair is chocolate-brown and cut kind of sloppy, she has kaleidoscope like eyes that change color from brown to blue to green. Even though Piper tries to tone it down she really is beautiful. Hazel's African American with curly should-length cinnamon brown hair. She has gold eyes that still surprise me whenever I look her in the eye. She's the shortest of the four of us and the perkiest, one smile from her can make your day. "Hey," I called as they came into earshot. "Hey Annie," responded Thalia to which I rolled my eyes at the name. "How's life," questioned Hazel witch is something she's gotten into the habit of saying since Frank Zhang (her crush) said it to her. "What's up?" Piper said with a smile. I smiled. "One- Don't call me Annie, two- life's great thanks, and three- nothing much I'm just standing by my locker. So anyways how was your guys' summer." "I spent the summer in Tennessee with my brother, Jason. He's been staying with my dad's friends and business partner for like two years now, and my dad decided he didn't want me over the summer so he sent me down there," answered Thalia. "Ohhh, so who are these family friends, are any of them hot guys who happen to be available?" joked Piper as she wiggled her eyebrows at Thalia. Thalia rolled her eyes but answered nonetheless, "Yes, as a matter of fact one of them, Nico, he's hot, and by hot, I mean when we went swimming I was literally drooling. Not my finest moment," She finished with a confused yet embarrassed expression. Piper, Hazel, and I proceeded to laugh our heads off at the sadness of our friend. Occasionally we would calm down but then we would look at Thalia or imagine her drooling over a guy and then we were right back to laughing. Eventually Hazel calmed down enough to ask her if there were any other cute/hot guys. Thalia didn't answer instead she responded with another question, "Oh wow Hazel, are you over Frank. That's a shame I heard he said he thought you're pretty." Hazels eyes immediately grew wide and her face began to heat up, and I rushed in to save her, "We are definitely getting back to that Hazel; however, Thalia answer the question, any other hot guys?" Thalia shrugged her shoulders like she didn't care if she had to answer or not. "I mean the other one, Percy, yeah he's hot but not really my type. Hey, Annie maybe I could set you two up," she said with a suggestive face. "Um, no, my last relationship didn't really work out well if you remember," we all flinched as I said that, "and anyways why me and not Pipes," I continued. "Eh, I don't know really I just see you and Percy," she paused as if imagining it, "wait no never mind you two wouldn't work either," she changed her mind. I looked at her with a little confusion but just shrugged, "Ok sure, and don't worry people I'm back to being single," I said laughing as I turned back to Hazel and Piper. They laughed and then Thalia asked what their summer had been like. "Mine was fine nothing really happened," Hazel said. "Oh, except for once my mom drove me out of the city and to the country-side. And she brought me to this horse-back-riding place and we spent the entire day there." We smiled at her, we all knew how much she adores horses. Plus, the fact that her mom would do that for her was surprising. Hazel's dad left when she was about two and then her mom went a little crazy. But now her mom's almost back to normal, she still has some bad days, but for the most part she's fine. "Mine summer was ok I guess, but I missed you guys sense I had to spend my whole time in California," said Piper. Let me explain, Piper's dad is Tristan McLee, yes, The Tristan McLee the world-famous actor. Technically she could be going to the most exclusive school in the united states; however, she likes acting like she lives a normal life, so she cuts her hair and goes to a normal boring school. "Sorry Pipes, but your back now. And we did miss you to," said Hazel. "Yeah Pipes, but on the up side, you got to hang out with cute, rich, famous teenage actors," Thalia offered and Piper just rolled her eyes with a smile. "Oh, guy guess what!" exclaimed Thalia as she remembered some fact or another. "Pleasssseee, Thalia just tell us because last time you had us guess what it didn't end well," begged Hazel. I let out a small laugh. "Yeah, she has a point Thalia," I said. "Ok fine but you guys are no fun," Thalia pouted, "Anyways it's my brother, he's moving back in with me, he starts school next Monday!" Thalia exclaimed. "Wait what?" I asked holding up my hands, "are you talking about Jason?" Thalia had a huge smile on her face as she nodded