For Fede_Green , the lovely author who's put up with my daily whining and helped me when I'm too angsty or depressed or insecure. Seriously, you rock. Happy Halloween! (sorry that I couldn't post this on fanfiction on 31st oct ahah I was a bit busy. It's cross-posted from AO3) Warnings will probably be listed before the chapters, and please don't read it if any of it triggers you. Thank you. English is not my first language, and I would seriously love if any of you notify me of any mistakes I've made. Trigger warnings: French speak (or profanity, if you prefer). Note: This fic is probably M rated. language... eventual smut... gore. I don't know yet. I'm still planning where I'm going to take this. I "Jason, we really are running late! I'm honestly not being sarcastic!" Nico yelled through the door, trying his best not to sound as annoyed as he was, and that was saying something since he usually didn't put any effort into keeping his emotions out. Jason shuffled inside, the faint rustle of clothes whispering through the door as he hastily put his clothes on "M comin', 'ico, waita min't." "Yes, sure, I know you'll be out in a minute," Nico grumbled. Hazel grinned beside Nico, one hand on the smooth white wall to support her balance as she put her white shoes on. She looked really pretty today. She always did. "It's no use yelling, He's always late," "So much for rooming," Nico groaned inwardly, and sat down on the sofa. It was going to take some while, knowing Jason "What was I thinking when I agreed to something like him?" Hazel giggled, wriggling her thin eyebrows suggestively "That he's hot?" The fog hung low outside today, not too dense, but definitely irritable and sticky. Nico hated humid weathers like these. It just made everything very muggy and wet. Hazel's hair stuck up weirdly today because of the moisture too, but she looked gorgeous despite of that. Nico wished he had the same ability to look beautiful every day. Well, fuck it. He wasn't here to please anybody anyway. "I'm here, how do I look?" Jason asked, coming out, again looking perfect. Jason was the kind of person you'd imagine standing on a sunny dune by the beach with a blue surf board and red swimming trunks, in all his lean muscles and faint tan and blonde hair. He had the psyche of a surfer and was very aware of that, but he was never a jerk to anyone. Quite the contrary, he was very helpful and supportive of any person who found themselves in need. Kind of an over-supportive chicken, Nico would admit. Jason would be a great mother. "You look like Jason Grace. Let's go, or do you fancy a mouthful of Argus again?" Nico asked. "Don't remind me," Jason shivered from the memory, and both Hazel and Nico laughed good naturedly. Argus was the school guard, and he was such a good one that Nico could swear that he had eyes all over his body. No one ever, ever got past Argus. Except for the Stoll twins. Those twins were so sneaky they could probably rob the Principal's office and still get away with it. "Very good sense of fashion again, Nico," Piper said dryly as she took in Nico again "Is black your dress code?" "Yes, thank you very much, Piper," Nico said back, though he didn't mind, really. He was wearing his black leather jacket, a white shirt underneath, black jeans and fingerless gloves. Leo grinned next to him "Just put on a bit of eyeliner and black lipstick and you'll literally be emo," "I am not emo, or depressed, or sad, Leo, I just love the color black," "Which is not emo at all," Jason piped in, and Nico scowled in exasperation. The High school they all attended was not far from their home, just a half mile walk, so they walked to it every morning. Nico liked walking too. It gave him an excuse to stretch his limbs and he liked to keep himself fit. Oh, who was he kidding. The truth be told, he loved the apple trees that lined the road. He enjoyed walking through the lush grass by the roadside garden, and he really liked the soft breeze that always blew through the leaves. It somehow reminded him of the time he was too little to remember anything clearly, back when his mother and sister were alive and they lived in Italy. He kicked the odd stone in the sidewalk, and couldn't help but relate to the stone. Nico was like a pebble, a life of grey, a constant annoyance waiting to be kicked or trampled over. Now he felt bad for kicking the stone. They walked silently for some while more. Well, he walked silently. Jason was chatting vehemently with his girlfriend, Piper. They never seemed to run out of things to talk about, and Nico found that really irritating. What was the point of talking so much when you don't really have something to say? Just to fill in the silence? Half-Blood High was a large school built over a very large area. It's been on that plot since ancient times, and Nico absolutely loved the architecture of the school. The High school had tall marble columns, laced with quartz, and it looked beautifully like an exact replica of a Greek building. The whole school had two floors, three buildings, and three large playgrounds and even a garden and a greenhouse for projects. One of the buildings were dorms for the students who lived too far away or had other problems. The other two buildings housed their labs and classrooms, which were in themselves very large. They had wooden seats and quartz teacher's desks, and it was an absolute nightmare in winters when everything was cold as ice cubes. It was costly, and ridiculously expensive for a school, but was one of the best educational units around too. It was handy for those who can afford them, and Nico's father wasn't really very short of money. All of his school friends were thus obviously rich. Both Piper and Jason had actors and actresses for parents (hence their insanely good looks). Frank's dad was a high military corporal. Will's father was the CEO of one of the major chains of American Hospitals (Phoebus Hospitals). The only exception was Leo, who got in through a scholarship based purely on his talent in making things. He was very poor in comparison, an orphan living with his uncle who ran a garage, but no one minded. At least not in his group of friends. The first pristine walls of the buildings peeked up from the dusty leaves of the trees, and the sunlight that bounced from the white stone was lost somewhere in the misty fog. Nico saw some people slowly making their way with them, the people crowing into the gates. Hazel called out her goodbye before she left to her boyfriends. As on older brother, you'd have expected Nico to be overprotective or angry about Hazel having two boyfriends, but the truth was that Nico was not the least bit salty. Both Leo and Frank were good people, and while Leo was a hyperactive little shit, Frank was a warm and mellow guy and they balanced each of themselves evenly. Nico trusted Frank to take care of them. There was something about Frank that made him hard not to trust. And Hazel was happy with them. wasn't that all that mattered? He won't deny his little sister happiness. Happiness, in any way or form, was a thing to be cherished. that's what Nico believed. He walked quietly to the big iron gates with Jason and Piper, and his eyes fell on a guy standing by the street. He was standing under an apple tree, looking partly anxious. His skin was white as milk, and his brilliant eyes shone like emeralds even from the distance. His lips were reddish-pink, like sunburnt skin. He had high cheekbones, his straight hair jet black and messy. He was wearing a bright cyan hoodie with a black zipper, which went with his eyes pretty nicely. His hands dug into the pockets of his black jeans, and his white converse stood out from the grey of the asphalt. Nico couldn't stop staring at the guy. There was a primal urge unfurling in his gut that pulled him to the guy, but in the back of his mind there was also a nudge of alarm, like the guy was dangerous. He wanted to gawk at the guy all day. He looked aesthetically very beautiful. But then why did his pale contour sent alarm bells ringing in Nico's mind? Jason pulled him, and he blinked as he stumbled forward. The blond looked at him worriedly, pursing his lips. Nico looked at him, a little out of sorts. "You okay there, bro?" "Yeah," Nico bit out, but he turned around to see that guy again. Nico wanted to go closer to him, talk to him just to see if his voice was as beautiful as his looks, but at the same time his piercing eyes made his skin crawl. Jason followed his eye to look at the person, and he yanked Nico's arm again "Nico… he doesn't feel good. Let's go," Nico, however, did not argue. Nico could not stop thinking about him. He'd never seen someone so pale, so unusual. His thoughts kept running back to the man on the street as he sipped on his bland coffee. The coffee was tasteless, like water, but Nico wasn't choosy when he was thinking. He just wanted to complete his history homework. Which he could not because Jason and Hazel were currently screaming their lungs out. The neighbors were now obviously used to teenagers living in this bungalow, because no one came to check the mental stability of the two persons yelling alarmingly in the room. Nico poked in his head through the door, squinting darkly at the two people who were watching a weird horror movie. "Can you not?!" Nico yelled over the noise, and both Hazel and Jason wheeled their heads to his direction just as a bloody woman landed on the screen, screaming and spraying more crimson gore everywhere on the scene. Jason jumped, shrieking manly (he insisted, okay?), and crept into Hazel's embrace who was shaking like a leaf in a thunderstorm. Nico thought this would make awesome blackmail material, Jason cowering in Hazel 's arms, but damn it his phone was charging in his room. "I am trying to fucking study here!" Nico said, and both Hazel and Jason looked at him wide eyed. They'd probably blown their minds off watching the movie with the looks of it. Nico didn't know how horror movies scared them. They were just a bunch of cowering people and stupid monsters with hollow eyes and slimy hands. Nico walked over and very efficiently switched the offending thing off. The flatscreen zipped blank, leaving a black screen. The silence after so much shouting was quite unnerving, and frankly very uncomfortable. Jason and Hazel still looked mentally constipated, scrambling to gather their wits. Hazel protested slowly, "Hey! The main character was just about to die. You can't leave us with a cliffhanger." "My studies are more important than your childish horror movies," Nico countered, tapping his foot restlessly against the floor. He crossed his arms over his chest, his white cotton shirt rumpled like he just came from a good round of love-making. Jason sat up, trying to fix his hair with a grimace on his face "Dude, not funny. The vampire and the werewolf were about to fight. It would've been epic," "Well, you know what has vampires and werewolves and timid women who can't get their shit together? Twilight." "Still not cool, man," Jason murmured, standing up to get himself a drink "It