My dad was absolutely livid at me (because it's freaking 1:30 AM) so I had to wrap up the last few parts pretty quick and post them hastily up here to post it in time. I will probably go through this again, so sorry for all typos, mistakes, bad grammar and plotholes if any! Loosely based on a Greek mythology I love so much, the tale of Orpheus and Eurydice. Percy is Orpheus and Nico is Eurydice here. I've made some drastic tweaks here and there so that this is an original story as well as major parts of the true tale. I have not read the true tale, though, only heard of the story, but I absolutely love the calm nature Orpheus implies that is so much different than most greek heroes like Perseus, Achilles, Theseus, blah blah blah and I swear their love is just so pure and inspiring! ~Prologue~ Poseidon had fled with his child, his heart heavy with the stench of the ashes of his beloved. He despised Zeus with a passion, but now it was burning in rage. The tempestuous seas parted before his wrath, taking him straight to the Island he had envisioned in his mind. The island of Delos. Apollo's birthplace and abode. He had handed his son over to Apollo, with great grief of separation the moment his arms were no longer touching his child. However, he knew that he was doing the right thing. Apollo had been ecstatic to be a foster father, having adored children for so long but still mourning over Hyacinthus and Daphne, and understood his own father's ruthless injustice when it came to the sons of his brothers. He had gladly accepted the little baby in the bundle of seaweed, a tuft of lone black hair on his forehead and tan skin like his father. He had been no larger than a small rock, looking utterly despicable and vulnerable in his infant state. Apollo had cradled him, then turning to a surprisingly watery eyed Poseidon. "I, Phoebus Apollo, promise you, uncle, that I will nourish him as one of my own, love him and bring him no less than one of my own blood's. I will fulfill my duty as his foster father and do what is best for him. And I am eternally thankful that you have trusted me enough to take care of your son, who is truly powerful. You have given me a person I can truly love, and for that I will be forever in your debt." Poseidon had smiled heavily "You have fulfilled your debt by agreeing to take care and to hide my beloved son. I will ensure that I wouldn't have to see him to reduce his risk of mortal threat, though it greatly saddens me. I hope he grows up to be a good lad." "That, he will," Apollo had smiled, his eyes for a moment turning into his prophetic-green ones, and Poseidon knew that what Apollo was speaking was something out of a prophecy. He had smiled sadly and kissed the forehead of his son fondly, a tear rolling down his cheek and on to the earth, where a brilliant sapphire flower bloomed out of the earth. With a swish of the wind, he was gone. ~Prologue end~ Perseus Jackson. He was nothing but a mortal, a normal boy with shimmering jet black hair and blue-green eyes. And his father was Poseidon, he knew as much. He was a son of the big three, a demigod capable of many great things, yet choosing a quiet life. Like his father's realm, he had many turbulent and calm experiences through life. But most of it was under the guidance of Apollo. He had been granted to Apollo when he was only an infant, when his mother was murdered. Apollo had told him how beautiful and lovely his mother had been, yet he did not miss her as he had not met with the woman. He only knew and adored Apollo, who had loved him greater than he had loved his own lovers. Apollo had brought him up, laughing with him, supporting him when he was crying, sometimes even crying with him, but never unwavering from his life. Like a constant support etched on rock. Apollo had attempted to teach him many things, like archery (which Perseus could not master for the sake of his life) or Singing (in which he was no less than godawful). However, one thing Apollo prided on him more than ever was his ability to play a harp. He was often clumsy, but with his tenderness and talent with a Harp, even Apollo was surprised. Phoebus Apollo, the god of Music itself, would often find himself mesmerized with the rapt music which Perseus used to play on his harp. He greatly boasted of his son's ability to play, and told Poseidon fascinating tales of the son of the sea, which would make Poseidon bloom with pride and joy. Perseus thus used to wander around the forests he greatly adored (since the high-headed king of gods believed that the son of Poseidon was long dead) and often was followed by the nymphs who had been entranced by his soulful, spellbinding music. The rumors soon spread about his great ability. Many people all over the world used to reach out to him, wanting and desiring to listen for one the music that would only so often left them dazed, but the son of the sea didn't like to be the center of attention. He would often wander by trickling streams and sit on the dew-soft grass to play for himself. Perseus longed to control the water, to feel the liquid bending to his will with the power that flowed through his veins, but he did not want to be exposed. That would surely be the end of him. He, however, would sink his bare feet into the water and feel the cool liquid cascading between his toes. A thing he was constantly irked with was the nymphs running after him, the ones enraptured by his beauty and his talent for music. They would often dress with large sexual parts of themselves exposed to woo him, but he had never liked the notion of being in love with one of them. However, one day when he was sitting amidst the long ebony trees with a calcium-blue iridescent lake between them, surrounded by white sand. This was one of his favorite places, with peace, tranquility and the lingering feeling of love as there were no nymphs (Ebony trees were often so dark no nymph could survive here beyond three seconds). He sat and played his harp for hours, wanting nothing more than to get lost in the river of tunes. However, when he opened his eyes, there was a fair lad looking at him with curiosity, his hair messy and quite long. The boy was wearing a black chiton, which matched his ebony hair and dark eyes. However, his skin was a stark contrast to the color. It was as if the boy was de-saturated, leaving only black and white. However, he had never seen a creature as beautiful as him, for the boy looked so precious and rare and his beguiling eyes which begged to be lost into. Perseus, for the first time in his life, felt the need to love someone, to capture that boy in his arms and hold him, to keep him as his own. HE blinked twice to get out of his trance, but the longer he looked the more he was struck with the beauty of what was before him. "What might your name be?" The boy asked, and Perseus was genuinely (and pleasantly) surprised to have come across a youth who did not know his name. at last he could be with someone who wasn't a god or worshipping him instead. "Perseus Jackson, and yours?" "Nico. Nico di Angelo, lone nymph of the ebony trees." Perseus was generally surprised! An ebony nymph! "I reckoned that ebony nymphs don't exist." "Except me, then, I suppose," The boy replied, now sitting next to Perseus with his feet down in the water too "It gets a little lonely sometimes. I do not get visitors here. The first person I've met is you," "I get you," Perseus replied "People are so entranced by my fame that many a times why forget that I am a person." "Maybe we could be friends, then," Suggested the nymph, smiling at him, and Perseus' heart stuttered a beat. When was he the one to fall in love so easily? "yes, we could be friends." It was, though, hardly a week before they got together as lovers. They had come to a silent agreement to sit at the same place every evening, where they got to know each other, and if possible falling in love with the other with each passing moment. One could have said that they were love at first sight, they were so pure. Their love-making had started not a month after, and both of them had been the happiest people alive. xXx "Percy," Drawled Nico, for such was the name he had so adoringly given his lover. They were walking down the road to the coast of Lesbos, off the shore of whom lay the island on which 'Percy' had apparently been brought up. "Do not worry or hesitate, Nico," Percy smiled "Apollo is not the one to kill. He loves me." "I sure do hope so," Nico said, nervously biting a leaf. Percy smiled genuinely before he took a boat to Delos. The waters were calm and lovely, the sun shining high and Percy couldn't stop staring into Nico's lovely beaming eyes. "You need not worry, Nico. You think too much. If I can get my foster-father to grant you mobility from your roots, then I can as well prove my love to him. he would understand." Percy smiled, but Nico only nodded. Percy thought the trip was too quick, how much too soon he had to step out into the lush grass of Delos and into his abode. His home. He was thankful nevertheless. Apollo greeted him with a large hug, his blonde hair shining radiantly like the sun and his blue eyes clear as day. He beamed down at him, with a smile a notch too bright. "So, this is your lover?" His crystal eyes fell on Nico in acceptance "He sure does look lovely. A bit on the undernourished side, but lovely nevertheless. Truly, son, I am happy for you." "See, I told you," Percy laughed, extracting himself from his father's hug. "Nico di Angelo. pleased to meet you, my lord," Nico bowed, but Apollo just laughed "No need for the formalities!" Apollo then gushed to kiss both of Nico's cheeks, who blushed "Dear boy! What am I going to do with the both of you! You two are already so grown and lovely! Children grow up too fast," Nico chuckled "I won't know that," "Oh, yes," Apollo said sadly, but then nodded "You will be staying over for some time, I presume?" "Yes," Nico confirmed, looking over to a mortified Percy and smiling slightly "If you want me to," "Oh, of course I do want you to! You are adorable! My son has nice taste, I'd say!" "Father, stop embarrassing me," Percy groaned, now positively red "And don't hog him, he's mine!" "Of course son," Apollo laughed again and winked at Nico, before proceeding to pick up his abandoned bow and arrows "I am going for archery practice. I'll be back in an hour or two. Make yourself at home." xXx Percy and Nico were just sitting on the grass, both of them speaking in hushed tones despite the isolation they had and both of them brimming with love. Percy played his harp alongside, a beautiful tone which reminded one of love, birds and meadows. Nico looked curiously at a shimmering blue flower