AN: The idea for this AU popped into my head on Christmas night and wouldn't go away, so as I began writing I intended it to be a late Christmas gift to all of you. However, because I am a slow and insecure writer – and also because developing the headcanon is a gradual process – it was only finished just last night. I am exhausted but happy, as I have never written so much in just two weeks. Hope you all enjoy! This will be cross-posted to my tumblr (interruptedcadences) and my ArchiveOfOurOwn account as soon as possible so if it's taken down by the site, it can be found at those other places. Please leave a review if you so wish, and do sign in before doing so – I'd really love to send you a thank-you message for your time. xx Dedicated to gardengirl21 for her lovely review on Fragility And Mockingjay Wings a few weeks ago that made me realise I wasn't a bad writer. I hope to reply to your review soon! They met when the leaves above their heads were green. It was at the old, abandoned cabin he'd found on one of those days when he walked on and on for miles, out of his town for hours. It had started out on a whim, walking, but once he started, he didn't feel like stopping - of turning back, for that matter. Whether it was the same distance or even longer for her, he didn't know. She'd never told him. The sudden scuffle at the door made him jump, his left hand clenching around the neck of his guitar as if it were a weapon that could save him. What he saw, though, made his heart beat faster - because, looking back, he'd honestly never expected it. "Sorry," she blurted, and her braid whirled around her shoulder as she turned hurriedly on the heel of her boot to leave. His throat was dry from surprise that he could barely manage, "Wait!" until she was nearly lost among the trees as though she'd melted back into them. He scrambled to his feet, discarding his guitar, and ran towards the doorway, kicking up clouds of dust. Her face peered back at him defiantly, as if she were daring him to do something. When he was close enough to touch her, he saw what it was - the mark of tears traced their way faintly down her face, and she glared at him through sharp grey eyes, her pointed chin lifted. "You want an apology?" she gritted out. "I'm sorry, okay? I had no idea this house belonged to anyone." "It doesn't," he told her, panting slightly. "I don't own it." Her eyes widened slowly, and he cleared his throat. "Listen - you're welcome to stay. I promise I won't bother you. I came here to be on my own too." He could see the suspicion in her gaze as she studied him, then the dirty, empty cabin behind him, nestled by the surrounding trees that cradled it like a precious thing. He wondered what thoughts were moving through her mind, what hesitations were holding her back from just saying yes. He corrected his train of thought, adding the crucial fact that she was vulnerable - he knew she felt vulnerable to be surprised by a stranger with telltale signs of tears on her own face. And he knew and hated how hard it was to accept anything when you were vulnerable. He watched her lower lip tremble minutely, then she gave him a short nod. It was nearly curt, but he saw her duck her face, and he looked away quickly. They walked back to the cabin, leaves crunching under his feet but silent under hers. He shot a surreptitious look at her boots, wondering how she could be so noiseless even in them. She sank into a corner as though she had known it and chose it before, he noticed. With one more lingering glance at her, he took in the sight of her olive, freckle-dusted skin that peeked out from her worn check button down and the thick braid of rich dark brown. She wasn't particularly pretty, per se. But he couldn't prevent his artist's eye from noticing the lovely pointed chin, the high cheekbones, and the fullness of the swell of her lips. Settling back down on the picnic blanket he had brought with him, he crossed his legs and picked up his guitar again, and softly, he began to pluck. The repetitious movements of his fingers lulled his senses into solitude. And slowly, he forgot about the girl behind him, feeling his own thoughts snake around his mind and begin to tighten with increasing force and cruelty. His fingers moved of their own accord in a gentle, melancholy melody. His eyes grew unfocused. • The sound of his soft music made her tense. Summoning the courage, she turned her head to look over her shoulder and saw him with his back to her, hunched over his guitar, his shoulders rising and falling and causing his fitted white t-shirt to stretch with every breath. Frowning slightly, she considered this golden-haired boy intruder. How had she never seen him before since she had first discovered this God-forsaken cabin two years ago? She remembered how he had so quickly assumed that she had stumbled upon it for the first time and couldn't help curling her hand into a fist at the thought. He was the unwelcome stranger - she had been calling the shack home for much longer. She'd found it the night her father left. The night she ran away from home. The night she couldn't see. Then she loosened her fist along with a sigh through her nose. Why did she have to be uptight like this? He wasn't going to talk to her - he'd said so, and kept to it. And maybe, just maybe... maybe he came here for the same reasons she did. How could she deny him brief respite from his life? The thought of that made her blush furiously for judging him without knowing anything about him at all. Her voice startled him. "What's your name?" Soft. Hesitant. A little shy. He turned his head slightly to look at her over his shoulder. The creases of his sleeve shifted over the firmness of his back, and he smiled a small smile. "Peeta." She smiled back - more of a quick upturn of the lips, really - and watched the way his hair glinted in the sunlight, seemingly set on fire so that every strand glowed. • His feet had ached, the first time he began to take such long walks away from home. But that was years ago, and now, he could walk two hours with his guitar and blanket in a case slung across his back through uninhabited field and forestland to get to the cabin in the woods without too much discomfort. Sometimes, he brought a book and whatever was available at the bakery for his consumption that day. But he always spent a good deal of time staring into the horizon and doing nothing in general, drinking in solitude. He hadn't seen the girl with the braid since the time they met, in the summer. He reflected idly that that season of their meeting was ironic. She wasn't a creature of summer, even though her skin was warm. Her grey eyes were frost itself. Then he laughed, shaking his head at himself and his fanciful imagination. But he looked out for her anyway, as the warm breeze began to chill and the world turned from green to a rich, dying orange. She never came. Snow was falling on the barren land he walked as he decided with a halfhearted shrug that she would never come to the shack again. His breath came out of his nose and mouth in white puffs of air, and he stuffed his hands into his pockets. Just one more year, one more winter. The doctors weren't optimistic about his father. He blinked, squinted through the snow. Paused in his walk to stare at nothing, really. One more year till he was finished with school and his mother. The idea of running away was becoming sweeter and sweeter. Honestly , he asked himself, why are you even waiting until school is over? He didn't want to answer himself, because the very truth - that he did care about his education even if it meant staying at home - was shameful enough to admit. He pushed open the door of the cabin mechanically. Then he stopped in his tracks, eyes wide. There was a fire crackling in the ancient, dust-filled fireplace, and the girl with the braid was huddled by it. At the sound of his arrival, she looked up in surprise, and in that moment his breath caught. Snowflakes clung to her hair, her cheeks were rosy red, and her grey eyes reminded him of a glazed-lake surface, hard and icy. She wasn't pretty. She wasn't even beautiful. She was more radiant than the sun. Creature of winter, sister winter. He had to shake his head to clear his thoughts, and he swallowed audibly and spoke. "Hi... Wasn't expecting to see you here." She shrugged, giving him that minuscule smile, so fleeting he wondered if he had really seen it or just imagined it. Her fingers fiddled with the threads of the rug she was sitting on. "It's been awhile," she admitted quietly. How many words had they ever spoken to each other? After she had asked him for his name that summer day, silence had fallen again, and when the sun was setting behind the tall trees, they had parted without a word. These surprised greetings - well, they were new. He cleared his throat self-consciously. "Thanks. Uh, you know. For the fire." Her reply was the same one nod, never more, just the one. It was more like an inclination of her head, now that he thought about it. Her eyes fixed on his, and he felt frozen in place like she was weaving icicles all around him, imprisoning him in cold beauty. "When did you find this cabin?" she asked slowly. He ran his hand through his hair and looked down, thankful for the excuse to tear his eyes away from her - even his stomach felt coated in ice, although it wasn't uncomfortable. It felt more like hungry anticipation. "About a year ago." When she didn't respond, he chanced a glance up at her. She was back to staring at the fire, fingertips playing idly with the end of her braid. Then she turned to catch his gaze again and patted the space next to her. "You... you can sit. If you want." "Thanks," he said softly, overjoyed that she could want his company, and then horrified at the heated blush rushing to his face. He moved over to the spot on the rug by her side and lowered himself gingerly, trying his best to brush the snow of his shoes. "We're never going to meet anywhere else, are we?" she asked, outright. "Like, I'll only ever see you here." He shrugged, biting his lip. "I guess so." God, he hoped his nonchalance was passable. "I mean, it depends on where you live. I might live there too, or visit it often." Her smile stayed for a fraction more than it usually did, and he watched how it did wonders to her eyes, making them sparkle. "I don't think you do." He blinked. "Is that a good thing?" "Yes." She looked at her lap, even though her reply was quick and matter-of-fact. "Because I can tell you things, and it won't matter." She looked into his face quickly. "Can I?" It hurt a little, the initial idea of his not mattering to her. But watching her eyes, he felt he understood. He wanted someone too, someone