Summary: What if the Twilight Saga was re-written with Jacob as the Protagonist? What if instead of Bella being the new girl in Forks High it was Jacob? What would happen when the wolf warrior and the cold one parts crossed and their destiny was already written? Would the two of them be able to co-exist in peace? Or will they be torn apart. Pairings: Jacob/Edward Disclaimer: So I just got to thinking what if instead of the whole Twilight Saga being surrounded around Bella and Edward it was Jacob and Edward. To me it would be so much more drama. Vampire/Werewolf much more interesting that Vampire/Human. I take no credit for this work. It's all Stephenie Meyer ... I just decided to twist it. I own nothing. Notes: This story was started on a profile Slash is the Way by my friend and it got nowhere. He said he was never going to finish and gave up on it completely it so he gave it to me. So I'm re-writing it and hopefully I will finish it. However, I am respecting his wishes to keep the plot as close to the book as possible. If it was me I would change it but a friend's a friend. So, there will be a lot of differences but as requested it will stick as close to the original Twilight plot as possible. If I had to wait on my Beta this story would never get published so all errors are mine. I hope it doesn't suck. Chapter I New Kid I leaned against the door of the car, and stared outside the rolled down windows. Solomon drove me to the airport, my sister Rebecca too busy to do it herself. I had stayed with them in Hawaii for a month after my mother's death but now it was time to leave. My mother, Sarah Black was the best person you would ever meet. She was warm and polite to everyone she met and everyone loved her. Then a drunk driver killed her, speeding off leaving my mother's dead body behind in his wake. I was in the car with her and I heard her take her last breath, something I would never forget. As I was only sixteen the police had to contact my next of kin. My other older sister Rachel was unavailable, so that left Rebecca. I hadn't seen Rebecca since I was fourteen and she married Solomon and moved to Hawaii with him. That was two years ago. I didn't want to spend a month with my sister but it was better than the alternative. The alternative that Rebecca was now forcing me to choose. I sighed and leaned further against the door. This was not going to end well. In the Olympic Peninsula of northwest Washington State, a small town named Forks exists under a near-constant cover of clouds and rain. It was where I was born but I hadn't been there since and if I had a choice I would never step foot in the place. "Jacob, If you lean anymore you're going to fall out of the car" Solomon said to me. I could see in his eyes that he didn't really want me to leave. Solomon was a cool guy and I liked him. It's just my sister who I couldn't get along with. "I'm not seeing the downside," I said pushing myself further. It was too late to jump out the car anyway as we were pulling into the airport. "I'm sure it won't be that bad. You'll make a lot of new friends." "Sure I will." I deadpanned "Don't be a stranger," he insisted. "You can come and visit anytime you want." I knew he meant it. I also knew that Rebecca didn't want me anywhere near. "Don't worry about me," I said. "It'll be great." I grabbed my bags and headed towards the plane. When I turned around, he was gone. It's a five-hour flight from Hawaii to Seattle, another hour in a small plane up to Port Angeles, an hour drive back down to Forks and another hour to get to the reservation. I wasn't not worried about flying by myself, it actually gave me time to think. The two hours in the car with Billy, though, I wanted to avoid with all costs. Billy Black was my father although I had never met the man. My mother told me that he was an easy man to fall in love with but it was even easier to hate him when he drank. Which he did, a lot. He never lifted a hand against my mother or the girls but he was violent enough that she was scared of him sometimes. When she was pregnant with me they got in a huge fight one night while my mother was driving. My father was drunk and in the passenger seat and in a fit of anger yanked the steering wheel towards him. They crashed. My mother was okay but it sent her into premature labor. My father lost movement in his legs and blamed her. After that he was angry all the time. Mom was afraid to raise us around him so she packed our stuff and we moved. To say Billy was upset was an understatement. Apparently once you live on the rez you can't leave the rez. Mother told me that Billy was excited to have a boy. Something about traditions and heritage and he tried to get her to leave me with him but she refused. Mom tried to keep my away from the reservation lifestyle and I didn't mind. Big city life was nice. Mother made me promise I would never go on the reservation. If I wanted to meet my father let him come to me. It was all very weird and ominous but I listened anyway. Never cared to meet Billy. Now here I was. I wondered if my mother would understand I had no choice but to live on the reservation. It was either stay with dad or foster care. To be honest, Billy had really been fairly nice about the whole thing. He seemed genuinely pleased that I was coming to live with him. I on the other hand didn't care for the arrangement. I could already see it going south pretty quickly. Billy had already gotten me registered for high school. We fought about it for days on the phone. He was insisting that I register in the school at the reservation. However, I was too advanced for the level of work in that school and it would do nothing but hold me back. Forks High on the other hand at least let me skip a grade. I was a Junior even though I was only sixteen because I was smart enough to skip a grade. The Rez School was only allowing me to be enrolled as a Sophomore. Finally I had gotten my father to understand that education was important. I didn't see why it was such a big deal going to school off the rez anyway. It's not my fault that the other people don't ever leave the reservation. It was sure to be awkward with Billy. Having never met the man and the first conversation I had with him ended up being an argument. When I landed I headed out, unsure of where to go next. I didn't ask if I had to take a cab or wait for someone to pick me up. "Hey man," a voice called out "You must be Jacob Black." I turned around to see a guy about my age. He was tall and slender, with russet skin, long rounded muscles and brown eyes. He had a thin face and shoulder length black hair with a slightly dimpled chin. His hair was longer than mine and ran down to his chest and he had an earring in one of his ears. "Hey, yea" I held out my hand to him "Jacob." "I'm Embry" he responded shaking my hand. "Embry Call. Billy sent me to pick you up." I nodded my response, secretly glad that I had more time until I was forced to face my dad and followed him to the truck that would take me to my doom. "She yours?" I asked, tapping the hood. It was a brown 1996 Chevy K1500 and seemed to be in a really good condition. "Nah." Embry said shaking your head "It's yours actually. Or so Billy said. He bought it for you, I think. He doesn't really have use for a truck you know." I nodded again even though I knew Embry couldn't see me because he was staring at the road. I was silently grateful that Billy had thought to by me a truck. After that we didn't mention my dad again but the conversation was never boring. I liked Embry. He was a cool guy. He told me he was sort of an outcast on the reservation because he wasn't sure who his father was. He mom had come from a different tribe, the Makas but everyone suspected Embry was Quileute. He said that the elders said they would soon know for sure and that he was just as clueless as I was as to what that could possibly mean. I started to regret not wanting to go to the school on the Rez. If everyone was like Embry maybe it wouldn't be so bad. Then again it was not like I was never gonna see anyone on the reservation. I had two years here before I could even think about leaving. I was counting down the days. As we were talking I found myself staring out the windows watching everything as it flew past. It was beautiful, of course. I couldn't deny that but did everything have to be so green. Eventually we made it to the reservation. It felt as though the whole reservation knew of my arrival as everyone was outside and staring. I wouldn't doubt it. I knew that word travels fast in small towns. Even faster on small reservations. Embry stopped at a small house and I assumed this is where my father lived. I had only seen this place in pictures and the pictures made it look bigger than it was. "Here you go man" Embry said, getting out and handing me the keys to the truck. "Billy said to tell you door's open so just walk inside. I'll see you around man." "Yea, see you" I replied and I found I actually meant it. I grabbed my bags and headed inside the house. It took me only one trip to get all my stuff inside. "Billy?" I called out as soon as I stepped over the threshold. He hadn't earned the right to me calling him dad. Billy rolled out from what I assumed was his bedroom to meet me. He was heavyset, with a deeply wrinkled face and dark russet skin with black eyes. "Jacob, son." he smiled "It's nice to finally meet you." I stood there awkwardly not knowing what to reply. I didn't exactly return the sentiment. "I'm sorry about your mother." he continued "Sarah was a great woman" "Yea she was." I replied feeling a hurt within my chest that never went away since I lost my mother. There was an awkward silence until Billy broke it. "You're bedroom's right down the hall on the left. I know it's small. The bathroom is right opposite. So you could go get settled and if you need anything just yell." I nodded. I seemed to be doing that a lot today. I grabbed my bags from where I rested it and moved towards the room he pointed. Before I entered the room, I stopped and called out "Billy?" he turned his chair to face me "Thanks for the truck." He gave a small smiled but said nothing. Just rolled himself into his room. I shook my